text1	text2	label
and when i 'm staring , i 'm just thinking of more questions .	how does it feel to be a princess ?	0
actually , it 's andy garcia 's brother .	in fact , it 's brother-in-law andy garza .	1
i did n't like them suffering , though .	but i did n't like them when they suffered .	1
url : gopher protocol	do n't look at this hand !	0
have ballistics take a look at it ?	to look at ballistics ?	1
sydney was supposed to hand me her ops report 15 minutes ago .	sydney was supposed to give me a message 15 minutes ago .	1
is not what you say about drew . is what you do n't say .	it 's not what you 're saying about drew , but what you do n't say about him .	1
did n't anyone ever just , you know , wreck your life and then you see them as an adult ?	there 's two of them .	0
`` you 've exposed us , by coming here , '' tung argued .	some women do n't talk about this .	0
will you see that mr. sheldrake gets it ?	when you see sheldrake , will you give it to him ?	1
no judging .	he 's not judging .	1
who dares to touch my monkeys .	who dares to threaten my monkeys ?	1
'and the next day it was found that any of the boys could read them .	`` and the next day , it turned out that all boys could read the words .	1
again , he recognised it but felt that there was something missing .	and again , he recognized her , but there seemed to be something missing .	1
hmm . that 's what savi said , too .	that 's what savi said .	1
is-is nicky here yet ?	the führer would n't understand that you are refusing to contribute .	0
( b ) to retain the weighting-in documents established at the time of entry into the storage place ;	`` you forget that someone is trying to poison me for years , belgarion .	0
‘ 31n .	now , please , all of you , open your hymns on page 90 --	0
and for whom do you work ?	who are you working with ?	1
these are very nice places ... nurturing , supportive .	they 're very pretty places , educational , supportive .	1
i can not rest on your beds .	i ca n't lie in your beds .	1
if being trailed is gon na help clear your name ... ... better it 's me than someone who thinks you 're guilty .	`` i 'll catch some lunch ! '' the girl said enthusiastically .	0
do you talk to you mom a lot ?	are you talking to your mommy ?	1
that cold look of appraisal never changed .	i 'll need you as soon as possible .	0
jesus . i do n't know how you deal with her .	wow , i do n't know how you treat her .	1
he voided the verdict and discharged the defendant .	he declared the jury 's verdict to be invalid and the defendant discharged from custody .	1
you did precisely the job we hired you for .	you 've fully accomplished what we hired you for .	1
you 're wanted on the telephone .	it 'll dissipate just as soon as you get out .	0
do n't move , do n't move , do n't move .	is that why you called me home ?	0
enough talk . it 's time for action .	that 's enough , it 's time for action !	1
borides carbides nitrides diamond-like carbon ( 17 )	no worries , she 's a great bunch of kids .	0
perhaps they could tell us , but they have not chosen to do so .	give it to me !	0
she 'll be through in a minute .	he 'll be done in a minute .	1
no , it 's nothin ' like that .	i thought you 'd cancel it if you knew .	0
thisjustin tonight .	the procedure for a regulatory procedure with scrutiny is defined by the new article 5a .	0
one was plenty , thank you .	one was enough , thanks .	1
it 's a simple procedure . it 'll grow back .	it 's a simple procedure .	1
that 'll what ?	this means that , in the case of 5 % , volatility is considered to be the maximum in normal times .	0
assessment of the major policy issues unequivocally , a new comprehensive regulation would introduce consistency and clarity throughout the eu feed sector .	we 'll need 20 light red keys and 20 perfect radios .	0
she do n't say .	especially at a restaurant .	0
you are , after all , the father of our child .	you 're the father of our baby .	1
the middle east is in a state of emergency . oh my god .	the middle east is reporting an emergency .	1
take us to the perimeter and you point the rest of the way .	all yours ?	0
i also did a little checking on debbie myer .	why , because you were the person ?	0
zahl was his street connect .	what 's wrong with him ?	0
i made a demo just for pax .	i 'm driving as fast as i can .	0
you 're not satisfied that i 'm suffering for what you 've done to this town .	i think about him .	0
he had killed one man , gunnlaugr thorrfinnsson , puncturing his kidney from behind while the viking was thrusting at von richthofen .	after alvin 's left , another man sat down , tall and slim .	0
said it was fiberglass -- the type used in auto body repair , as well as boats .	the species used to repair cars , as well as ships .	1
guess we found a new nickname for kendrick .	you 'll wish you 'd have listened to me when i said there was a mistake to let go of the goa'uld .	0
and you can go back to teaching .	1967 / 68 cup winners ' cup	0
invalid filename	he was also missing all , especially katie .	0
it hopes that parliament will be able to accept it .	he believes that parliament will be able to accept this solution .	1
as long as you can get that junkie doctor to cooperate .	did you have a piano lesson ?	0
he was listening intently to every intonation in clemenza ’ s voice .	still , i brought out my primitive bronze sword and looked around in an undercut .	0
listen , if you wan na marry whit , that 's fine , ok ?	listen , if you want to take whita , okay ?	1
shields up . move us away .	lincoln was right .	0
i like having my ass kissed . i know .	are you fran ?	0
bring in a forensics team now .	she caught a glimpse of them , but she heard plenty .	0
i can do better . just give me a chance .	do you want to dance ?	0
did you touch anything ?	did you catch anything ?	1
you 've probably got a gallon of apple juice in there , buddy .	you have an apple juice canister in you , my friend .	1
they could not agree with blaming the caliph for any mistakes .	they could not agree that the calif should bear the blame for any mistakes .	1
do you see ?	do you understand me ?	1
what happened ? - she 's there .	come on .	0
or ? i do n't know .	is it going ?	0
no one could answer her .	no one answered .	1
to separate us and them .	it separates us from them .	1
the entry ‘ akhund , attiqullah , maulavi ( deputy minister of agriculture ) ’ under the heading ‘ natural persons ’ shall be replaced by :	he was wearing a blue hoodie and with the words `` giants '' on the front .	0
it envisages that real gdp will grow by 2 % per year over the programme period .	we 'll fix your tooth .	0
and you cried during it .	and you were crying .	1
yeah , i just need a little bit more time .	i just need some time .	1
cameron ! - just go home .	get down and get it down there .	0
none moved , not he nor the startled peasants , and morgaine arose , a distraught look on her face .	no one moved , neither he nor he , nor the surprise of the country , and morgaine stood up , an expression on her face .	1
you going to collect a little sample of bynie 's blood for your slide collection ?	biney 's sample gets into your rare collection ?	1
were you bitten by a mosquito ?	did the mosquitoes bite you ?	1
it was not the knife that frightened him , nor even the prospect of death .	would they allow women to come to the houses ?	0
i 've tried replicating the science .	i 've tried it scientifically .	1
mmm , something smells good .	your wife .	0
perhaps there 's something better for me to criticize ?	do n't you have something better to criticize me for ?	1
you have to admit this is working for us .	you have to admit it works .	1
that 's 20,000 hard-core members . forty thousand , counting affiliates , and 20,000 more , not organized but ready to fight .	| manufacture of industrial feed	0
`` should i try to find it , then ? ''	`` shall i find him then ? ''	1
why won ’ t you touch me temujin ?	why do n't you touch me , temudgin ?	1
go to the next bookmark or shortcut in the file	friend , you are ... the man i care about most in my life .	0
no , all over now .	no , now it 's all gone .	1
maybe we could stay in and - ow ! -you know , get a pizza or rent a movie ?	maybe we can stay at home and uh ... order pizza or ... borrow a movie .	1
haleh , hold the basin under his chin . just relax .	that 's what i wanted .	0
okay , so that was horrific , but it 's over .	that was scary , but it 's over .	1
.sometimes you amaze me , talen , ' dolmant said .	as far as i recall , they do n't call them ten recommendations .	0
complete the mission !	i 'll call you in the morning . tell me how you feel .	0
papa gets more pleasure out of helping his family than all the possessions he owns .	besides , i hope to have atrophy on my feet , so i wo n't be tempted to use them .	0
like , where did old man nutjob go ?	and it would take a long time to calculate them .	0
i 'm stopping you from killing innocent people	we are preventing you from killing innocent people .	1
and when he 'd finished in me ,	and when he came into me ...	1
as i interpreted clan law , that made you clan responsibility .	depending on how i interpret the clan 's laws , that means that the clan is responsible for you .	1
well , by my calculations , no .	not according to my calculations .	1
i 'm thinking damaged goods .	i 'm more of a damaged goods .	1
so i wan na say to you right now ... ... have a great show .	look , other people have a different style of upbringing .	0
these are the guys he 's targeted .	those are the people who are his target .	1
uh -- it 's just a scratch .	same as louis .	0
buckman had been constantly in his laboratory or the adjacent lounge for over thirty hours .	did they hit us ?	0
even were he sleeping , i could sense his presence were he in that camp .	or better yet , send me a message .	0
he 'll only work if i pay once a year on the first day of autumn .	uh , the results of andu 's blood came .	0
may i go to her ?	can i see her ?	1
do you love her ? - mm-hmm .	small , red ... and it tastes like burnt onions .	0
the commission based its tac proposals on this new approach in 2011 .	you ca n't do that ! ``	0
why do n't you go get back into bed ?	are n't you going to go back to bed ?	1
he had seen it all before .	i live in pentonville .	0
`` they wo n't talk .	`` they wo n't tell them anything .	1
okay , i want everyone from the subway and from that market killing ... - ... i want them all brought in again .	this is a surveillance video from the security camera three hours ago .	0
i mean , you go into burning buildings ... ... when everyone else is running out .	especially angry , sensitive , highly experienced , and worst of all - promising .	0
they 're always looking for some new bullshit companies to add to the house of cards .	and if you do n't , that means you do n't want to break it for some reason .	0
that 's what our little dance at the construction site was all about .	they 're firing you .	0
it was like she was laura again .	it 's like it 's the same laura again .	1
not to pluck every flower you see .	i 'm here .	0
( lopinavir/ritonavir capsule 400/100 mg bid )	robyn goes back to work , and chef ramsay turns his attention to tiffany 's fish .	0
the guard was young , resting his vambraced forearms on the cross blades of his pike .	the guard was young , and his forearms were resting on a rung on his beeper .	1
well ... divorced with a shit job ata lumber yard after being rejected from the cromwell police force .	well ... divorced from a shit shop at the mill , after you 've been rejected by cromwell 's police force .	1
teg 's doubled vision made him confident that no unwanted eyes saw his arrival .	i was 16 , and i was in a baseball trench .	0
i got everything ready out back .	i got everything ready .	1
brother , what 's this about ? .	big brother , what happened ?	1
[ 6 ] eurocontrol ‘ challenges of growth 2008 ’ and ‘ long-term forecast flight movements 2010-2030 ’ .	[ 6 ] eurocontrol `` growth challenges 2008 '' and `` long forecast for years for 2010-2030 . ''	1
it 's all natural laundry stuff .	maybe if you could , you know , get us into a diary .	0
to pilot eva .	pilot evangelion .	1
a lifetime .	all my life .	1
breaking up with you because peter was still in your life , that was a mistake .	would that be ? ``	0
maybe i should go over there .	bond stepped out of the car and stood by the riverfront wall , wary of the trunks of the platters .	0
you 're out of your mind .	you must be completely out of your mind .	1
do you want to count it ?	it 's nice being with a man who can express himself well .	0
since the applicant has been unsuccessful , he must , having regard to the form of order sought by the cpvo , be ordered to pay the costs .	i tried to sign up for a new gym .	0
after we get you out , we can talk in more detail .	when we get you out , we 'll talk about the details .	1
very well . if you must .	this database was created in the previous version of the microsoft ® office outlook ® 2003 and business contact manager .	0
that 's survivor 's guilt .	can i do this with you at night ?	0
it was like a flash .	it was like lightning .	1
there are grass stains on her pants .	is that what brought you west ? '	0
gemma was seen here at the beginning of the reception , and then- poof .	you think it 's funny ?	0
white powder rained down from the ceiling ; one comer of the polymer window popped loose from its frame , and curled up like a dead leaf .	does speltzer release only a little bit of steam , or is it part of his ritual before he kills himself ?	0
he 's smart , escapes arrest this way .	he 's smart enough to avoid arrest like that .	1
thus we have come to the conclusion that the rest is up to you .	so we conclude that it 's up to you .	1
`` he just leaped overboard ; i was watching him when you came in .	the shape itself seemed to be lost under the strength of a line and color .	0
it has to be a cop hater , steve .	he was like roberto duran .	0
yeah , me and mrs. french are gon na do a little perambulating .	yeah , me and mrs. french want to rap .	1
gruer 's smile was grim and his eyes shifted to daneel again , and then away .	are you spending your money on the ladies ?	0
32 accordingly , the commission ’ s objection that the united kingdom ’ s application to intervene is inadmissible must be rejected .	`` how can you absorb her power then ?	0
times are changing :	times change .	1
just because of that do you think i 'm going to call you mom .	but do n't think i 'm gon na call you mom .	1
do n't fucking touch me ,	v - analysis a - preliminary observations 67 .	0
`` then she was n't walking on the path that goes around the lake ? ''	the rich and influential suddenly discovered the power of an internship. ``	0
this difference between this aaa corporate debt and the treasury , that is the yield spread .	this difference between aaa corporate debt and treasury bills is a yield variance .	1
what ? and i look like two sticks you can rub together ?	and i look like two sixes you can rub on yourself ?	1
we need to get you outta here right away .	we have to get you out of here now .	1
so much for gently .	and if i wanted to draw a line with an average bow , it would look something like this .	0
do not confuse love with art . ”	what could be more distasteful than rummaging through a stranger 's socks ?	0
you know , more and more , i 'm getting used to you .	you know , i 'm getting used to you .	1
`` i believe no one feels the loss of friends so much as i do .	yeah , i want to see that .	0
superscript - ^ { }	upper index - ^ { }	1
arthur	arthur .	1
you see how they think highly of me , of my rubles .	things were different then , molly ...	0
then they 'll be gone . - did you do this to him ?	no , he said it was two triangles , forming a diamond .	0
i 'm having a really bad day , dan , and that guy caught me at the worst possible moment .	you have a chance that your husband will come to see you one day , and your husband will come .	0
gently , tegan .	careful , tegan .	1
enjoy the memory of the lazy hangrruln ... and relish the anticipation of what 's coming up soon .	the bird .	0
the burmese have been stonewalling since chris ' arrest .	burma was in this direction from chris 's arrest .	1
the ripples disturb the heart .	the waves disturb the heart .	1
it isonly now i can let it go .	i guess i can just let it go .	1
he got lost in the pitch blackness .	he got lost in the black dark .	1
the fate of capustan lay with those defenders , now .	the fate of capustan has now depended on these defenders .	1
get her out of here. `` can i go , daddy ?	lebron left it alone , ted . you should too .	0
only she wanted to humble herself to him , to kneel before him .	she wanted to be humiliated , kneel before him .	1
when you hit it , it 's gon na really hurt , so be ready for that .	when we hit it , it 's gon na hurt a lot , get ready .	1
if someone refuses to talk to us ... we know he has something to hide .	federal bureau of ... ``	0
very naughty , you hear me ?	you 're very naughty , you know ?	1
thought you were going to meditate .	so the soothing beam is a ray for fury .	0
pardon me while i have a heart attack .	now , if you 'll excuse me , i 'm gon na have a heart attack .	1
and one day she called me up ... and she said she was leavi n't .	and one day she called me and said she was leaving t. ray .	1
canker and vasagi the suck , situated that much closer , climbed the stack 's internal staircases of hewn stone and grafted cartilage .	do you know your last name ?	0
no , but you look like you 're going to , so get it out .	the military has launched a large-scale effort to help the disabled .	0
lots and lots , we hope .	but we hope there will be plenty more .	1
no , meg .	no .	1
johnny , the machine worked !	the whole situation where dr. brennan is running away and fighting crime ...	0
he thinks he 'll sink me if i submerge , and blow out the flight controls if i take off .	but what if -- - no !	0
i know . that 's what i think , too .	i know .	1
best beer , best blues , some of the best beer bums in town .	fuck off !	0
let us say : it is not of this world .	let 's say it this way : he 's not out of this world .	1
what kids ? i do n't know what you 're talking about .	i do n't know what you 're talking about .	1
i do n't want to hear anything more about finances , mergers or currency transactions .	i do n't want to hear any more of any financial mergers or currency transfers .	1
although he could also be telling the truth , and that 's why his department 's struggling .	but he could also be telling the truth , and this could be a reason for the problems .	1
instead , she gave marissa her husband 's secretary 's phone number , saying again that judith would know that kind of thing .	rose .	0
let 's see where you be twenty years from now .	let 's see what you 've got in twenty years .	1
we 've got some movement going now .	we have a little movement .	1
he waited a second or two and then , very cautiously , turned his head .	he waited two seconds and then turned his head slowly .	1
the other werewolves , sensing what was going to happen , looked away .	the other werewolves , who sensed what was coming , turned away .	1
`` after all our puzzlings about that , is hanny getting a definite answer ? ''	i almost forgot .	0
i felt he should have loved me more because i did it .	either way , you end up in jail or in jail , and what will happen to us ?	0
well , how 's the bullet hole healing ?	there 's no escape from here .	0
psurs the mah will continue to submit yearly psurs , unless otherwise specified by the chmp .	psur the mah shall continue the submission of annual updates of the psur unless otherwise specified by the committee for medicinal products for human use .	1
( b ) the address to which they must be sent .	caramon remembered tas 's words again .	0
i do n't see any ashtrays .	i do n't see any ashtray .	1
recommended resolution of the preview contained in the ppf file :	but prison in leavenworth , yes , or an acquittal of a prison sentence if it is to be ruled by a court of martial law .	0
five years they waited for a fortune to satisfy her family .	for five years they waited for the wealth and permission of her family .	1
he said it 's the kimber boys .	he says it 's the kimberley boys .	1
his hands moved very gently .	hey , stop pushing me !	0
she breathed deeply and looked around , as if there might be an escape route to another world nearby .	she took a deep breath and looked around as if hoping he might find a way to the rescue , perhaps a way to another world .	1
there is a boat at the bottom , just down the river .	if you win , i 'll let the whole thing go .	0
well , he said that you were kind of agitated both times you pulled up in your porsche .	i 'd like to look at them .	0
phil : teams must make their way to the tiwari tea skull where they 'll receive their next clue .	the teams now have to go to the area of jorasanko and find the tea room tiwari , where they get their next clue .	1
i 'm just grabbing some clothes , and then i 'll be right over .	please !	0
who 's the greatest champion in shutka ?	so we had a serious talk about the rules , and it got a little heated , you know how it is .	0
dylan , call 9-1 -1 .	dylan , call 9-1-1 .	1
danny ... danyal ...	danyal ...	1
ohim itself confirmed the relevance , in the context of the examination envisaged by article 7 ( 1 ) of regulation no 40/94 , of its previous decisions .	ohim itself , under the review provided for in article 7 ( 1 ) of regulation no 40 / 94 , confirmed the relevance of its earlier decisions .	1
seems dan humphrey 's on the fast track from lonely boy to only boy .	i thought madonna would be .	0
my name is dr. curtis connors .	i 'm dr. curtis connors .	1
just because he 's a vampire does n't mean he 's a murderer .	being a vampire does n't necessarily mean he 's a murderer .	1
we ca n't confirm at this time how many gunmen .	we ca n't confirm the number of armed men .	1
but , of course , he had not escaped .	see also : http : / / europa.eu.int / comm / environment / co2 / co2 _ home.htm [ 22 ] com ( 2005 ) 683 final .	0
now maybe just a few of these are in someone else 's name .	they 'll be free , george .	0
it was inappropriate . thank you .	duke , punch the bottles .	0
how 's it going ?	you only want to know ... why me ?	0
what the frick is happening ?	well , randy , i 'm impressed .	0
oh , you guys , you guys , if we want to stand out , you know what we got to do ?	you romuni must know something about this .	0
self-administration of this medicinal product should only be performed by patients who are well-motivated , adequately trained and with access to expert advice .	self-administration of this medicine can only be performed by patients who are properly motivated , adequately trained , and have access to professional assistance when needed .	1
you might want to step back a little bit .	`` are you sure ? ''	0
steven honell had been unable to tell him where the harrisons lived , and a quick check of the telephone book turned up no listed number for them .	that 's a nice name .	0
you once laid siege to it for 600 days , but it would not yield to you . ah !	but it did n't even match me .	0
evil can be detected by its smell , paul thought .	all right , i know why .	0
yes it is , you fucking slut .	yeah , it is , you dumb bitch .	1
all right , i 'm coming , miss alfalina .	i 'm on my way , miss alfalina .	1
and have a good rest of your -- -all right . okay , kids .	and enjoy the left -- - okay , okay , kids .	1
i never thought axel would settle down .	i would n't believe axel 's going to settle .	1
yeah , i used to have to sneak out and take the 9 train up to the south bronx to see stuff like this .	it must be the enemy of the police , steve .	0
you 're not possessed , jane .	tasty , or not ?	0
please help me !	in the middle of the breeze rose sawark 's keep , a six-storey tower of limestone blocks , three stories tall .	0
well , you have to be like the hippo .	we had a problem at the hospital .	0
so , how are you and your wife handling all of this ?	so how do you handle this woman ?	1
everybody 's talking about it , then forgetting what they 're talking about . ha !	everyone talks about it and then they forget what they were talking about !	1
do you have any of your needles with you ?	do you have any of your shots ?	1
there 's a lot more to tell , ... ... but there 'll be plenty of time later .	you have bigger than the amount of ammunition allowed .	0
it 's a long way from feeling like that and actually committing murder , do n't you think ?	krager called out the rest of the wine .	0
all right if i call you junior ?	you need help with your god and your stupid ideas about me .	0
he got his driver , and they started driving .	i know you 're not like that .	0
they said it was just the beginning .	that 's possible , joe bob .	0
jesus !	wait , brick would n't fake an arm injury , i 'm sure he wo n't .	0
okay , today you 're gon na have a lot of surprises .	there 's a dozen .	0
i was really angry at you for the first century or so .	for the first 100 years , i 've been really angry with you .	1
oh no , i have n't had a cigarette since i was a teenager .	may i have another suggestion ?	0
i spent two days stumbling around this fucked-up place so that i can say ...	i 've spent two days cramping around here in this fucking spot , just to be able to say ...	1
she 's touching my stuff .	she 's taking my stuff .	1
do n't you remember we were together at the office party ?	close the ryb to jail .	0
the same way you ride the streets on that great bay horse of yours that too many know-it 's death you court , strat .	what a beautiful creature .	0
you know , a couple more minutes of that stuff , and you 'd be a human doorstop .	one more second and you 'd be a human doorstop .	1
maybe a five-minute walk from church street to `` scum street '' .	maybe five minutes from church street to called street .	1
wonsan harbour 's just over the ridge .	nationality : libyan. ``	0
it 's not my job .	it 's not my thing .	1
simmons ...	simmons .	1
and the paradise misses him .	and he 's missing paradiso .	1
when i cure them , the snakes vanish . ''	when i cure them , the snakes will disappear. ``	1
i ca n't possibly accept it .	i shut it down so no one would come .	0
youdo n't get anything until you pay .	that magic not only saved your life , but you also got the lives of everyone who died .	0
don ’ t make this personal .	i wear gloves .	0
shit , you might as well just let blind george cut it up .	oh , shit , you could have had that cut by a blind man , george .	1
come in a few times now .	he was here a few times .	1
you call me at home for this ?	you have an obvious need to exercise your power over your surroundings , and you have access to medical equipment needed to carry out your plan .	0
across bosnia , nearly 6,000 people have been killed to date .	vinnie really wanted this movie , and i could n't stop him .	0
yeah , it 's pretty tastefully done , huh ?	unfortunately , miss wright .	0
honestly , the connection that i have with you , it 's amazing ,	honestly , the relationship i have with you is amazing .	1
why did it act up just now ?	why did this happen right now ?	1
yeah , like you were gon na be donna karan .	you could be donna karan .	1
maestro , can i try ?	master , can i give it a shot ?	1
then why did your mother call me to recommend a good prenatal vitamin ?	then why did your mom call me to give me good vitamins for pregnant ?	1
`` mr. w.t . comptonand family . ''	of course , this immediately consented to another thought .	0
scare the crap out of me .	there was a big shooting today .	0
every murder suspect in this town is given a choice : confess or face death , against the d.a . who never loses .	anyone suspected of murder is there to choose , to confess , or face death ... ... against a district attorney who never loses .	1
stop fidgeting !	stop squirming .	1
eleanor said , ‘ i think i made at least one of the bodyguards as carrying .	eleanor said : `` i think i saw that at least one of the personal guards was carrying something .	1
yoo-hoo ? is she in there ?	is he at home ?	1
but i remember clearly ... that it was a glaringly sunny day	but i vividly remember it was a clean day .	1
midway through their trip , after more than 1,000 hours amongst the penguins , their grip on reality is beginning to loosen .	52 the method of processing or use of a substance is not crucial to its classification as waste , or not .	0
i guess he could n't trust you , either .	you need real reality .	0
no , come on , you do n't wan na with me .	come on , you do n't want to dance with me .	1
you do n't get bought off to return to a job that you never liked .	you do n't have to sell yourself to get back to this job that you 've never really liked .	1
his right hand , open , slapped luke hard on the side of the head .	that 's the planning of the city .	0
direct go card recharging in komerční banka atms	you cut three words into a sentence !	0
what comes next ? ~	what 's next ?	1
for your information , the supreme court has roundly rejected prior restraint !	threadingmodel has been changed	0
yeah , but he looks like my old man	blue uniforms are for white soldiers only .	0
we gave him the cash flow , he linked up with wratten , did n't tell him about us , and away they went .	print all my names .	0
caroline , get mr. cassidy for me .	come and have a look .	0
she did n't make the smallest attempt to soften the blow or hide the affair in any way .	thank god you 're here .	0
the substance came from a cow .	since you moved in , there 's nothing but trouble .	0
if he starts up toward the mine , i can stall him .	can i call you junior ?	0
if you 're brought in covered in rubble , it 's all about the mri 's .	philippo , jump in the door and find out what he is .	0
harry called last night .	article 11 urgency unit 1 .	0
he had never before made an acquisition of such value , and he was grateful to all the powers of hell for giving her to him .	the only one i have after my biological mother , and i ca n't leave him there .	0
is this the first time the taxpayers pay for a blow job ?	i had a good day .	0
mmm ! now skating heir mamma mia ! fantasy stan and francine smith	and now they 're leading the fantasy to `` mama mia '' stan and francine smith .	1
i 've had a great deal of luck .	i was really lucky .	1
yeah , you did .	yeah , he did .	1
it 's the car that stole last week .	we stole it from a week ago .	1
it is the most logical place for us to stop .	what am i , a psychiatrist ?	0
his lungs have filled with fluid .	`` where do you call from here tonight ? ''	0
oh , i just want you to keep your energy up for tomorrow .	i just want you to have enough energy for tomorrow .	1
yeah , there 'll be plenty of talking .	we 'll definitely talk a lot .	1
is 126 feet tall , and it weighs 1,300 tons .	it weighs 38 metres and weighs 1,300 tonnes .	1
you 're the worst .	yes , i talked to solem .	0
those little nuremberg countruy sausages , the grittuy little ones .	these little nuremberg sausages are pretty greasy .	1
136 in those circumstances , there has been no breach of the applicant ’ s rights of defence .	if we go out there , they 'll hear us , and that would mean everyone inside the building and division will die .	0
she moved her eyes , looking about her .	she looked around with her eyes , looking around .	1
she 's babli	he just needs time , sammy .	0
terrorists have murdered civilians ... ..and cut off the two systems that can allow you to land .	mind if i catch up ?	0
time is money .	and when i stare , more questions come to mind .	0
we were looking at the house .	listen ... i do n't care .	0
that 's maryann 's energy inside of them .	in their souls , maryann 's energy .	1
i 'm staying . i do n't want to add to a public hysteria that 's gon na cost lives .	the waitress brought him an egg , he folded the newspaper and laid it next to him .	0
the secretary of state had no cards to play at all .	the foreign minister had no cards at all .	1
she returned the grin with the slight smile he had never been able to decipher .	his mother gave him a grimace with a slight smile that could never be decrypted .	1
do you know why canadians never get a birthday wish ?	if the film does n't sell , everything we 've done is useless .	0
first , the municipalities of noord-brabant had a monopoly with regard to sales of land made suitable for industrial development .	thank you , i do n't smoke .	0
let 's go , we 're getting out of here .	come on , we 'll get you out of here .	1
i 'm going to catch them !	i 'll catch up !	1
she said before that she did not want any of us to go with her ; now she has made certain that we do not . ''	and then all of a sudden , saturday 's flight landed in front of me .	0
why did he try and kill himself ?	the russians must have thought of that several times .	0
how hell should a man dress ?	and how do men dress like men ?	1
she glanced quickly toward the hills .	she glanced around hurriedly toward the hills .	1
however , for pharmacies not established in germany , the internet provides a more significant way to gain direct access to the german market .	on the contrary , the internet is the most important resource for pharmacies , which are not located in german territory , for direct access to this market .	1
john summers was the cia 's best field agent in the middle east . three nights ago he was found in his home in washington .	we keep fallen warriors .	0
`` is n't this one of those banned-in-boston books ? '' he said .	as sigmund freud said , dreams are the main route to knowledge of the soul .	0
i miss her so .	i see you 've lived here before , but in the wrong room .	0
“ your own machines are recording everything , ” augustine said , pointing at the console .	`` why should you fight for us ? ''	0
so , any other favourite movies ?	so , other favorite films ?	1
i 'm really glad you had a good time , brother , 'cause you know we got 20,000 fans that certainly did n't .	i 'm glad you had a good time , bro , just because we have 20 thousand fans who have n't had much fun .	1
life is not worth living unless you find someone to share it with .	you 've never been in contact with him ?	0
“ number six is due the end of february , ” tyler said proudly .	`` number six arrives at the end of february , '' tyler said proudly .	1
first , check to make sure that the phone cable for your computer is correctly plugged in at each end .	no , i 'll be here .	0
`` how‑can‑i‑help‑you ? ''	lie still , do n't move .	0
dr. levenson , in your experience , are there any lasting side effects ?	dr. levenson , from your experience , are there any side-effects ?	1
'listen , wolf , how about that scott hamilton tape i got in cheyenne ? '	he 'll try to stop you .	0
is it obvious he has a gun ?	would you think he had a gun ?	1
i 've got ta be better .	i have to be a better person .	1
you suddenly trust doctors , love puppies and long walks in the rain .	watch what happens when i throw him out of a moving car .	0
what 's that supposed to be ?	why did the chinese emperor claim the right to rule for reasons of his alleged origin from the serpent god ?	0
you ca n't do cocaine !	you ca n't snort coke .	1
elizabeth is not expecting you now .	elizabeth will not wait for you now	1
okay , uh , well ...	tell them i 'll keep an eye on them .	0
a jagged battle scar cut into his upper lip , giving him a slight , perpetual sneer .	a jagged scar cut into his upper lip , as if he was still grinning slightly .	1
you know what the real fear is ? - what ?	that 's why we got away together and got married .	0
i can't- i ca n't talk .	i ca n't -- i ca n't talk .	1
then i 'll be responsible for sinking one of the destroyers maybe the whole lot of them .	so i take the responsibility that one destroyer will sink , and maybe even all of them .	1
this was a man of business .	elections to knesset	0
`` you are now clear of the ship , '' he said .	sometimes at this time , the teacher admired me as a good student .	0
come on , jack , hurry !	come on , jack .	1
earth monitoring station , hailing all ark survivors .	earth health monitoring stations all surviving from the ark .	1
“ yin-hsi .	oh , no , i thought ...	0
she sent me a text to call her , but i never got back to her .	she sent me a message to call her , but i have n't done it yet .	1
in true form , it could hold you as you now hold it . '	he could hold on to you as you hold him. ``	1
it is chilly , sir .	article 5 :	0
it was made from a bullet i took out of her left buttock .	it 's made of bullets i took out of her butt .	1
pinky will meet someone new and jessie will forget all about this football nonsense .	ê 338 / 97 recital 6 ( adapted )	0
four shootings in fiive years , all accidents ?	`` loosen up !	0
i want you to contain her !	i want you to stop her .	1
that'il be him !	i 'll give the face you vote for .	0
caesar .	you saw an opportunity , so you took advantage of her .	0
no , it was n't all bad .	no , it was n't .	1
can i drop you at your hotel ? - of course .	the greeks and the turks go down their throats again .	0
you love this woman , you will be willing to change .	you know she 's still ...	0
oh . so you 're the one .	so it 's you !	1
touch it . - no .	the police are already there. ``	0
they all fell in . - look at my house !	look at my house .	1
thanks minister , thank you	thank you , ambassador . thank you .	1
i just feel like i keep putting my foot in my mouth every time i talk to you , and ... i just do n't know why .	i feel like i 'm saying something bad , every time i talk to you , and i just do n't know why .	1
what do you do when you run out of ice , call 911 ?	my name is russell bitterman .	0
so , when you coming home ?	when will you be back ?	1
i brought you a surprise ! - forget the surprises , asshole !	it started in eight years .	0
i mean really , is that ?	it 's nice to meet you , miss ( german ) no , no , we speak english .	0
let me worry about the op-orders .	maybe college ?	0
says you seized his camcorder before departing .	he claims you took his video camera before you left .	1
and oh , what a bat it is !	it 's a bat !	1
i 'll tell the cops i did whatever you want .	samaritan , where is he ?	0
once in the studio colleen directed her friend into the small separate room that was affectionately called the “ arena . ”	he could n't do it when he was in stasis .	0
you 're the only thing that i ’ ve got in this world , danny .	the corral was as empty as the cabin .	0
welcome change from your usual odor of skunk .	it 's better than your usual skunk smell .	1
think about what you ’ re doing .	think about what you 're doing .	1
excuse me ? - it might not be exciting or bohemian ... but at least it does n't have shovels propped up against the sofa , does it ?	it may not be so thrilling or bohemian ... but at least they 're not behind the couch with shovels , right ?	1
ok , anna , you 're free to go .	ok , anna , you can go .	1
even if i wanted to , i 'm a bastard , a snow .	imagine how angry she was !	0
we still go to meetings .	we 're still in session .	1
what use is grief ... to a horse ?	and what is the sadness ... of a horse ?	1
no way ! really ?	thanks for telling me .	0
why 's he going away ?	why did he leave ?	1
look , when i found her hanging there , i took the manuscript and i told lawrence to call it in ...	you really do n't have to work so hard .	0
'dujek onearm was the force behind this mission , ' duiker said .	'dujek onearm is behind this prize , 'duiker said .	1
but no matter how many i kill ... ... i could not bring back my family .	no matter how many times i killed i ca n't bring my family back	1
do n't be sorry , honey .	i 'm sorry .	1
the latter shall forward to the member states , within the shortest possible time , any appropriate information .	do n't you have the keys ?	0
caramba !	china is taking thousands of years .	0
look at their halo 's for instance , it is the shallow , round that seems very solid actually and embedded in those halo 's are fabulous jewels .	i have to go .	0
eboshi ! hold your fire !	eboshi , do n't shoot !	1
yes , to cremate your father	yes , to bury your father .	1
well , holly just de-kappa-tated me .	where , instead of paying the fine , a guarantee is granted , the fine shall continue to be reported as amount to be recovered .	0
said ... '' kind of hot . ''	they said ... `` pretty sexy . ''	1
be strong , my boy .	| | all contract and authorisation types 9.3.3 reports on payment of administrative fees related to contract	0
once agreed , the operational conclusions shall be attached to the minutes and their implementation shall be reviewed during any subsequent meeting of the sps sub-committee .	upon approval , the conclusions shall be added to the minutes and on any of the following meetings of the sps sub-committee , its implementation shall be checked .	1
..duke of gloucester .	duke of gloucester .	1
he felt caged , like a captive beast , within the limitations of practical details .	i 'm ready to bounce any attack .	0
there 's powerful magic in there .	it 's powerful magic .	1
afterward dunk could not have said whether he walked from the field under his own power or had required help .	he tried to claw his way out .	0
`` i have to go to work . ''	you know what people do , i understand , detective .	0
this demonstrates to the region as a whole that the european perspective is concrete and tangible .	for the entire region , it is clear evidence that the prospect of joining the european union is concrete and tangible .	1
say ... where did this money come from ?	but i can , rich , you know ?	0
`` not too bad , i think .	he said it was reficul .	0
there are times , it 's very difficult .	you can take turns .	0
go there !	get in there !	1
drop your shorts .	oh , i guess i did .	0
well , that was just pathetic . have n't you ever tried to get somebody to dump a celebrity before ?	did you ever try to get someone to break up with a celebrity ?	1
you got ta be like me .	records ?	0
now , then , who 's been bringing their pets on board ?	who brought pets on board ?	1
this is gon na be tricky .	go inside .	0
besides , i hear there 's an opening down here for an expert in gibberish .	if only i could talk to you for a moment , sir .	0
my seventh message .	okay , uh , that means everyone i 'm dead .	0
i did n't get to choose .	i could n't choose .	1
well , henry and i are acquainted .	the commission will continue to engage in italian exporters as the reasons for the initiation of a new investigation are extremely unconvincing .	0
check . a formula to win the ultimate win , the formula .	the winning end pattern .	1
i want to go home .	i 'm starting ?	0
although europe now has more biotechnology companies than the us , most of them are small and less mature than their competitors .	although more biotech companies are currently in europe than in the us , it is mostly about small and less advanced societies compared to their competitors .	1
they never got together again .	and we ended up ... ... in a huge mass of people , but people did n't really look like they were great .	0
'can you not just tell me ? '	put it down .	0
a flak jacket in good condition .	light bulletproof vest in good condition .	1
raylan . - raylan :	you 're getting on my nerves !	0
do not look .	the song of the wind was so loud , it drowned out any call except for the strongest scream .	0
'we should get back to the office now .	`` we should go back to the office now .	1
i guess i 've been busy . i could come by the house , pick you up one saturday night .	i can pick you up at your place ... ... on saturday night .	1
reddington : better make it a double .	you better do it double .	1
through us , you will become supreme ruler of earth .	through us you will be the master ruler of the earth .	1
it 's just been easier being close to medical .	what 's wrong with you ?	0
i think i 'm very sick .	when i found her , i took the manuscript	0
wh -- buy what -- this paper ?	what about buying something -- this newspaper ?	1
that a guy got reagan'ed , and we did n't even know it .	we reacted to that guy and we did n't even know it .	1
respecting the sacred institution of marriage .	i respect the sacred bond of marriage .	1
if my calculations are correct ... when this baby hits 88 miles per hour ... you 're going to see some serious shit .	he thinks you 're retarded .	0
co-medication with known inducers of ugt enzymes should be avoided due to a potential risk of decreased efficacy .	due to a possible reduction in efficiency , concomitant use with known inducers of enzymes from the ugt group should be avoided .	1
when we are together will be too late .	by the time we gather , it will be too late .	1
what is going on ?	what on earth is going on ?	1
do n't do this ... do n't ...	deacon , you should look at this .	0
[ 4 ] a similar structure already exists for the balance of payments facility for non euro-area member states .	[ 4 ] the underlying structure already exists for a balance-of-payments system for non-euro area member states .	1
good day . good day .	in any way , you wo n't be involved .	0
he lay there all last night on the glacis .	he was lying on that slope all night last night .	1
what are ya doing there , buddy ? come on .	`` serena ! ''	0
you see ? you 're the girl who 's always won .	you 're the only one who 's ever won .	1
the way you killed colbert was much smarter .	you killed colbert more .	1
it is for the referring court to ascertain whether , in each of the cases before it , those criteria are satisfied .	it is for the referring court to ascertain whether those criteria are met in each of the facts of the present case. ``	1
i do n't wan na fuck with you , sal .	speaking to tolstoy , people loyal to their country are equally loyal .	0
where you going ? you see the soot on the ground where the cement is burnt ?	paris is so desperately boring after the war .	0
you want to captain the titanic too ?	do you want to become captain of the titanic ?	1
failed to stat % s	we have to wait until after lunch , grace .	0
the same pictogram ... ... snowing men worshipping giant beings , pointing to the stars ... ... was discovered at every last one of them .	the same pictogram , on which people worship giants , pointing to the stars , were discovered in all of them .	1
i am observing them there are weeks .	i 've been following them for weeks .	1
it 's like a bag of piss .	think about the pee bag .	1
hiring employees can be even tougher .	hiring staff can be worse .	1
i , however , can not perform these tests next year , next month , next week or tomorrow .	and how old are you , mclovin ?	0
that was hilarious .	what a mess !	0
you told me on the phone if i 'd come here you 'd show everything you got on barker .	`` i 'll take you to the best we have .	0
did you have to say that now ?	could i join you for several days ?	0
i do n't know . we did n't scan them .	the shifting summer winds whipped up his scent messages across the slopes - chorsh 's call for all qualified grouping circles .	0
the only thing keeping you from passing out is the sound of the footsteps of the man going down the hall ... ... looking for your son .	and the only sound that wo n't let you pass out is the sound of footsteps heading down the hall looking for your son .	1
i 've turned over a new leaf .	but if we lose one of us , it hits all of them .	0
22 point 8 provides as a ‘ specific method ’ for that training :	22 paragraph 8 provides as a `` specific method '' specific to those measures in the field of education :	1
10 thousand won	adrian singleton got up wearily and followed dorian to the console .	0
it always sounds like a losing team complaining about the ref .	every time it sounds like the team he lost , he 's complaining about the referee .	1
then the worries , the children , like everyone else i guess	the women on the floor below !	0
i got something else i wan na show you .	i do n't know whether to offend or be flattered .	0
he listened in silence .	you 're right about that .	0
let 's just save it for something important .	let 's get something important .	1
listen , you have lived with this your whole life .	i do n't know what you told the kid , but whatever it was , he does n't want to see you .	0
i would ’ ve made you immortal .	over here , sir ?	0
well , almost nothing .	well , hardly anything .	1
tell me what he has done in his life that you have not done in yours .	one meeting and we 'll be gone .	0
i think i got all the venom out .	i think i got all the poison out .	1
he 's been shot .	they shot him .	1
i 'd get yourself a backup .	if i were you , i 'd have a backup gun .	1
article 14 ( 1 ) teu states that ‘ [ t ] he european parliament shall , jointly with the council , exercise legislative and budgetary functions ’ .	it follows that the form of order sought by the applicant can not be upheld in that regard .	0
uh , no , you 're not .	she fought for herself as a single mother .	0
it 's always interesting when he gets like this .	mr. worf found his brother , who is still in the mars colony .	0
come back ! you belong together !	you belong together .	1
but before you go getting all full of yourself -- if this is the key , where 's the lock ?	`` aye .	0
athena !	athena ?	1
i guess i spilled my wanting to get married soon after i got drunk .	i guess once i got drunk , i asked for a wedding .	1
my son 's birthday unlocked what the government would later describe ... ... as `` a catalogue of carnage . ''	my son 's birthday was unlocked by what the government would refer to as a `` bloody sales catalogue . ''	1
pull 'em out of camp ?	what 's the status of your mind now ?	0
if you do n't wan na hang out with me because i 'm black , just let me know .	if you do n't want to come out with me because i 'm black , you can say it .	1
did we say so , precious ?	in a few minutes there will be a man in black .	0
mainly they 're angry , sensitive intensively felt , and that dirtiest of all dirty words promising .	but this guy 's got something that i do n't even have hector .	0
`` i like to row . ''	`` i love rowing . ''	1
you 're a fuckin ' cherry , taylor !	go clean your last tooth .	0
that 's right , fool .	it 's not clear , but it will be when i get to keating .	0
dr. garry browne had already given julia several doses of antivenin , with no improvement .	what should we say ?	0
`` still , we might not be here except for you . ''	the bullet entered his forehead and took the blood and brain from his back .	0
we inform you about the news , products , and services of our airline , its frequent flyer programmes , and the skyteam alliance .	we will also inform you about the news , products and services of our airline company , its loyalty programs and the skyteam alliance .	1
maybe he was cheering for the wrong soccer team .	maybe fanning out on a bad football team .	1
nobody did shit , you asshole ! you 're imagining things again !	he was on line again with his shoulders .	0
i 'm telling you , they cut straight between my balls .	they 're cutting into my balls .	1
i 'm gon na go to pilates . you 're gon na take that dress to the dry cleaners !	george herman said : `` according to page 149 democratic candidate david bowese is a stillson retiree whose aim is to disrupt the democratic process in this country .	0
the creature was huge , its body the size of a female bhederin , the neck rising from hunched shoulders like a snake .	the bird was huge , its body as big as a bhederin cow , and a hose-shaped neck was visible above its hunched shoulders .	1
i have n't lied to you in any way , john .	they wanted to give him a bad medicine .	0
i have heard she is called rayne .	i heard he called himself rayne .	1
the guarantee expires on delivery of the ship .	the fbi would never admit to working for them .	0
abe , just give me one more week here in providence .	`` auditory art clearly points to a two-year cyclical model , and i want to attack them in the point of their highest stagnation .	0
+33 0298971957 fax +33 0298508032 courriel : orthongel wanadoo.fr fra 011 ( 2 ) ( c/l )	i had a bad day and the guy got me at the worst .	0
marissa turned to him , her cheeks flushed .	marissa turned to face him , her cheeks burning .	1
i thought i 'd come up and walk over with you , though , since those begman people will be there .	so , william , can we find our holy grail together ?	0
you 're not an easy woman to pin down , but i sure am going to enjoy trying .	you .	0
i was still hoping there was n't going to be any fighting .	now his missus has arrived .	0
smithback realized that in five minutes , they ’ d reach the catwalk .	smithback realized that in five minutes they would reach his observatory .	1
# do n't you think you should ask my dad maybe # why his dick was up my ass before i was even a baby ?	should n't you ask my dad why he stuck his dick in my ass before i was born ?	1
um , how 's she doing ?	how 's he doing ?	1
they arrested henry today .	it may be a lack of integration in other societies that make people feel like the only place they belong is inside their own nation .	0
that is not sanitary . good god .	and the other one - i was polite enough to tell her - would be roni .	0
i did n't ... - what do you want ?	how 's your son , miss cooper ?	0
ah , monsieur archair !	`` but we needed him .	0
you and the first five with you can come in ; any more than that try to come in and you 'll all be shot .	you and the first five people of your escort can enter ; if anyone tries to walk in , you 'll all be shot .	1
you said about my mind sleeping .	you mentioned the sleep of your soul .	1
so essentially , what two negative numbers when i add them equals minus 11 and when i multiplying them equals 24 ?	so inevitably , what two negative numbers if i 'm reading is going to be minus 11 , and if i multiply it by 24 ?	1
seldon felt a deep pang of disappointment .	seldon ran a deep disappointment .	1
even if we allow the psychopath leave the house , how will he escape ?	discretion is the only rule we have .	0
look , at this point i 'm willing to give any theory a shot !	it 's blue , and purple is brilliant , do n't you think ?	0
you think that helped ?	dude !	0
you do n't let people in , do you ?	bugs , keep an eye on your tasmania devil .	0
matt : yeah , i 'm fine .	please come with us .	0
i said i would n't go ... but what are the dates ?	i said we were n't going . what are the dates ?	1
and there is nothing in the human experience that can compare to it .	nothing in human experience can match it .	1
no . you write , i design .	did n't you hunt down the two men , one against each other ?	0
in case you could n't tell , she 's amish .	in case no one told you , she 's amish .	1
you follow me and you stay close .	you follow me .	1
no , i 'm coming too .	bobby pondered this grimly on his way home , and the joy of the strange , unintelligible film he had just seen was almost evaporating .	0
i smell death .	it smells like death .	1
for example , it raised the idea of using a professional card without setting out any specific details .	for example , the directive recommended using a professional card without giving it any real meaning .	1
then you have found the right man .	but strict rules governing redundancies often cause duality on the job market , and policymakers are then forced to strike a balance between contradictory effects of the redundancies .	0
well , i do n't have to .	susie said her grandmother was trying to connect with her daughter .	0
`` not at all . ''	`` not a bit . ''	1
- 12 of the 14 websites ( all except rate and zap ) make it impossible for the	you did n't want that ?	0
maybe he'il be there tomorrow .	hmm , i think she dropped the water .	0
i 'm on hold with the bank now .	i 'm talking to the bank right now .	1
moreover failure to generate sufficient employment opportunities could ultimately lead to further impoverishment if the human capital represented by youth is allowed to go untapped .	failure to create jobs could ultimately lead to further impoverishment of the population if the human capital , which is young , is not exploited .	1
ohh ... hey , at least we got new pens .	now that i 'm here with you , i 'm breaking eight federal regulations .	0
i have no intention of leaving this town .	i have no interest in leaving this town .	1
you know , maybe if you were n't so tired from having sex with thomas ... ... maybe you could guard her .	maybe you 're so tired of sexting with thomas that you wo n't be able to defend her .	1
commander , if you have a couple of minutes , there 's something else i want to ask you .	we could end up in bad shit .	0
congratulations .	well , not long ago , congratulations .	1
ok. i 'll give you a blanket .	he 's afraid he 'll be wandering around .	0
the reptile handed back the canteen , ignoring faird .	the reptile returned the bottle and ignored fairda .	1
alan , eat something .	alan , have something .	1
we have to be -- - we ?	we have to be ...	1
shortness of breath , brain cancer ...	then she thrust out the tip of her tongue and moved him from the left corner of her mouth to right and back .	0
i understand you perfectly well , miss jacobs .	i understand everything too well , ms. jacobs .	1
`` diarrhea , among other problems , '' the pediatrician answered .	`` diarrhea , among other things , '' the children 's doctor replied .	1
i know someone who fits that particular bill .	i know someone who fits this pattern .	1
come on , let 's get you home .	dr. rodeheaver is the director there .	0
i do n't see you doing anything .	in fact , they strengthen an empire from which you can only benefit at the very top of the pyramid .	0
dde failure .	dde failed .	1
the accelerated schedule including the 12 month booster dose can be proposed .	it can also suggest an accelerated pattern , including booster dose ( re-vaccination ) in 12 months .	1
no cash !	come on , let 's go .	0
`` we are forced to abandon our starship . ''	either way , they caught them , turned them into drawings and trapped them in books. `` ''	0
he would sit there as calm and as grave as ever , unperturbed and imperturbable .	i 'll be back in a couple of hours .	0
i 'm just not really a dog person , i guess . oh .	i 'll return your pages .	0
you know what the hardest part about growing up your son was ?	you know what part of your son 's upbringing was the hardest .	1
everybody knows this is where i shop .	i 'm going to check on kamaji .	0
girl has picked every winner two weeks in a row .	do i have to go too ?	0
can i give the bellicecs a ride ?	and then the bed fell apart .	0
the sound of charlie ’ s cruiser got closer and closer .	the sound of charlie 's police car was closer and closer .	1
is it a pair of glasses ?	see annex 5 .	0
`` did it sever the muscles ? ''	because i think i 'm on the train .	0
all straps of the restraint shall be so placed that they can not cause discomfort to the wearer in normal use or assume a dangerous configuration .	`` that was great - but i 'm still sorry you 're not there . ''	0
what 's up with her ?	what happened to her ?	1
`` look on my works , ye mighty , and despair . ''	`` see the work of mine , mighty , and despair again . ''	1
designated by the united states for being owned or controlled by bank melli .	kind .	0
you 'll need cover , sir !	like our second house in kaspik .	0
`` i wanted to say 'good morning ' , '' he said at length , as marie did nothing to help him out .	i just feel like i have to go .	0
dwight schrute , star salesman , beet farmer .	i sent her to the post office .	0
yet its waters mark you clearly ... ... like a rainbow in the sky .	it leaves clear signs of you as a rainbow in the sky .	1
never mind , it 's a long story .	it 's a long story .	1
i , can you call me ?	will you call me back ?	1
that 's an excellent reason but i 'll give you an even better one .	run !	0
is n't that what you said to me on the phone ?	and what was it like when you complained to me on the phone ?	1
good . so i should probably just mention that to tony this afternoon . uh-huh .	so i should mention this to tony this afternoon .	1
what part of that thing did you guys not see out there ?	kap -- captain .	0
annex 6 statement concerning devices intended for special purposes 1 .	annex 6 declaration applications for specific effects 1 .	1
those look like clean hands to you ?	is that how clean your hands look ?	1
think i could have her ?	i think i could have her .	1
`` even just one evening off will help . ''	you do n't want to give me a chance to flatter you for a change .	0
the barnstormer crouched down in the rear cockpit , so people couldnt see him but he could still work the controls .	he crouched himself in the rear cockpit , so that no one could see him , but in doing so he could control the levers and the others .	1
alice , how many times have i told you : `` no strangers in the house '' ?	he had the impression that he had occupied the inhospitable central zone , the wasteland , where his emotions drifted by the wind , wobbling , unending divisiveness .	0
wonderful , mr. paranteau .	well done , mr. parenteau .	1
break clean !	break it up !	1
before he could question the computer , several small screens whitened wall areas .	the cop , mattews , knew us , damn it .	0
t.j. is really enjoying stars hollow .	t.j. is excited about stars hollow .	1
toot , what the hell you doing with that black light ?	toot , what the hell are you doing with that uv light ?	1
stay tuned to global news .	what do you see ?	0
you 'd know better than i would .	you 'll know better than me .	1
the governor had finished lighting a fresh cigar .	the governor lit a new cigar .	1
he noted the narrow ribbons of dust and sand moving out ahead of it .	he noticed a narrow ribbon of dust and sand raised in front of her .	1
ok , i 've got a visual on the apartment .	do you hear me , steinmann ?	0
to this end , the activities and resources devoted to it through mandatory modulation * should be increased .	she does n't look like her .	0
she watched the images appear and fade , a mirror of her thoughts , and the sadness she felt threatened to overwhelm her .	here inside the wittelsbastian palace or my family in prison ?	0
you do n't even get laid in your dreams ?	are n't you even in a dream ?	1
bye	bye-bye !	1
gratitude for the one who saved your daughter ?	yeah , sure , but i 'm not giving up .	0
a night entry .	at night .	1
we'il have to nail them all at once , and the eggs .	i do n't know , maybe it was confusing , or they did n't get the right instructions .	0
i do n't sleep well .	i 'm sleeping badly .	1
she 's afraid he 's gon na wander off .	you 're enjoying this too much .	0
ok. that 's enough .	this certificate is not valid .	0
ca n't you use the teenagers ' room for your freak out ?	ca n't you just stay in the teenager 's room ?	1
nowhere . i 'm here .	i 'm here .	1
now , officer eckles ... does being a police officer give you the right to beat the shit out of people ?	of course ... my work ...	0
we 'll catch up .	so we lowered the alarm .	0
it 's called astrocytomas , and it explains the dizziness and the illusion of light .	hey , i bought you a hat .	0
surely you understand the importance of keeping an eye on you , too , general crozier .	'steam wanderman you 're all to the very last because your last skipper could n't get any further when he got rid of you , 'said macbride .	0
you should let her .	do n't rip off every flower you see .	0
lukavica , bardejov district	lupita	1
doctor . as chief scientific officer , may i extend the official apologies of unit ...	doctor , as head of the science department , i hope you will receive an official apology from unit .	1
are you getting this ?	besides , i heard there 's a guy down there looking for ... an expert in chatter .	0
warriors willing to give their lives for what seems to have become a forgotten word ...	ham and cheese sandwiches .	0
that was to get me out of the house so you could throw that giant party with hookers .	you just wanted to get me out of the house so you could have a party with whores .	1
she landed neatly on her feet .	absolutely nothing .	0
`` because they say i 've no right to come up like this -- without we mean to marry -- - ''	hello , vandy .	0
he thought : spacetown , next stop- or , maybe , last stop !	he thought : space city , next stop ... or maybe last stop .	1
you se , to live in fear is not to live at all .	you know , when you live in fear , you do n't even live .	1
unless you know where milena was , all of this is pointless .	hey , chick .	0
what is wrong with you ? - that 's our next-door neighbor , jim .	all right , let 's hear someone else .	0
a walk in the garden and then a	i suggest a walk in the garden and then a minor nap .	1
gov . dalton , this is jared svenning ... the gentleman to whom you are presenting the honorarium .	he said you were good .	0
he tells me that you 're quite an asset to the company .	he said you were a great asset to society .	1
how will you explain this invasion to the senate ?	you must not succumb to fear .	0
( door closes ) let 's cut the bullshit , shall we , harry ?	volunteering .	0
they passed a metal trashdump where someone had once tried to burn bodies .	they passed around a metal container for rubbish , where someone once tried to burn the human bodies .	1
he said , `` how long do you keep on persevering with this douch ( e ) job , mr . timberlane ? ''	egyptian cotton ?	0
w-what 's the other option ?	what 's the other option ?	1
scully had a reaction to a honeybee we found in your hall .	do you think he 's a saint when he 's so astounded ?	0
but keep your mouth shut , or they won ’ t be worth anything , except as curiosities . ”	but keep your mouth shut , or they 'll be useless - if i do n't count the price of curiosities. ``	1
yeah , jerk . i 'm concerned .	shit , he 's the manager .	0
so thas why becker and me are going to hollywood .	i hear they can be built by powerful high-capacity computers on a as small volume as one cubic micron .	0
it 's one of ours .	edmund , lord blackadder .	0
is there any way we can find out what that was like ?	is there any way we can figure out how it was ?	1
i think it best that we ... now prepare for our departure , captain .	do n't go , yl gwak .	0
john and his three captors were now inside it .	go to the transporter room and call from there .	0
i read that .	i read it somewhere .	1
that 's a man 's tool you got there .	this is a man 's instrument .	1
it was what engineers call a `` tube structure ''	they were something engineers called a tube structure .	1
she will probably die in any case , but if there is any chance , it is with professor rousseau .	connor 's a great teacher .	0
we 'll help ourselves out .	we 'll see ourselves out .	1
`` come dear , use the king 's english .	can i have a drink , terry ?	0
it does n't cover a thing .	there should be two vessels on the fountain .	0
do you do parties ?	do you go to a party ?	1
if i find out who he is , i must tear him to bits !	when i find out who he is , i 'll cut him to pieces !	1
go buy yourself a decent suit ... - i do n't want your money !	i do n't want your money !	1
the working parties shall examine any problems that may arise in their relevant sectors and shall suggest possible steps to be taken .	the working group is discussing any problems that may arise in the relevant areas , and it proposes possible actions to eliminate them .	1
you came too late .	you 're late .	1
no . no , no , no .	no , elena .	1
everything 's already happened to me .	what should have happened to me had already happened .	1
they circled each other , bare feet grating on the floor , watching with eyes intent for the slightest opening .	i do n't understand why they did it .	0
“ too much television , ” banichi said with a straight face , and took him by the shoulder .	and you 're not worried ?	0
send him closer .	`` a balloon with hot air would be much better .	0
i mean , i-it 's not their fault , but that 's the way it worked until major daniel brought us together .	jane .	0
`` where 's the man with the megaphone ? ''	| ports , marine highways | ports interconnections , ( other ) development of multi-modal platforms and their interconnections , sea highways ( including ice-breaking capacity )	0
i ca n't , but ...	if that is the case , do n't drive vehicles and do n't serve the machines .	0
so when you screw up something as incredibly simple as that ... ... it does n't say a whole hell of a lot about you , does it ?	neither traditional `` jewish values , '' nor perry are natural friends with gay .	0
he refused to go into mourning ; and the next year he gave a party in honour of bilbo 's hundred-and-twelfth birthday , which he called hundred-weight feast .	`` imagine , '' said dogin , `` that we could n't have timed everything .	0
so if i do n't see you there , do n't bother coming in to work tomorrow . right ?	so if you do n't show up , do n't bother to go to work tomorrow .	1
we have n't got up to dawn , but then neither has anyone else .	we have n't gotten to dawn yet , but so far no one else .	1
the jungle was a silent green wall , but quentin fell hidden eyes watching .	the jungle was silent , but quentin felt his eyes watchful .	1
after five years in office , and with another three years to go , some answers are already apparent .	after five years in office , and with three before him , some of the answers are obvious .	1
and if you 're not choosing him , that means for some reason you 're not ready to break it .	make that one .	0
it looks warm in there !	we should take a vacation .	0
she do n't know .	he does n't know .	1
because they got to me too .	he 's a fucking bird-lover .	0
and then ? i 'll hand jason back and you can buy a place with walls .	i 'll give you jason back and you can buy your apartment and the walls .	1
the field growing and growing , the molecules bursting apart but finding nowhere for the separate atoms to go .	the field continues to grow , the molecules split , but they do n't find a place to escape the individual atoms .	1
i 'm not listening , father .	`` i do n't want to hear it , father . ''	1
it was therefore concluded that the undertaking is not appropriate any longer .	therefore , it was concluded that the obligation would no longer be adequate .	1
but not here . my breath is atrocious .	you do n't know mr. woofles ?	0
- ohh !	yesterday i dropped a mug and - my word - retark drew his sword ! ``	0
yeah , sure , wait , no , i mean no .	oh , no , no , no .	1
so , baby , you know what i was thinking ? no .	i 'm done for today .	0
why should i waste time with pretentious fools ? ''	bye-bye !	0
i go to goa , you go to goa !	e , i hope vince is n't in the car !	0
who are you , jonny cochran ?	john , with his three kidnappers , appeared to be inside .	0
there is no need to simulate the fatigue and sense of defeat he projects .	maybe i 'll be gone a year , and if it 's a success , it could be 5 years .	0
okay , then we 'll do something else .	okay , we 'll think of something else .	1
i know riley bugged the house .	it would extend the scope of `` priority axis 1 '' in the draft new rural development regulation presented by the commission .	0
been two or three more fights for a long time now , frankie .	two or three games were long ago , frankie .	1
error removing old file : % s	governor dalton , this is jared svenning ... the gentleman you 're giving to your reward .	0
that 's bad .	it 's been three years ?	0
we had a problem at the hospital , sami died .	like ceca .	0
very well , this i understand .	he got up and stretched out on the sun .	0
a wedding will takeeverything out of you .	`` tyler , send gorth and his men to send the troops over there . ''	0
i would like to get in touch with the donor .	i want to meet the donor .	1
actually , we 're rather like yourself and dr. cochrane .	like you and dr cochrane .	1
i know . we are , but what ?	it 's right here on my nose .	0
we do n't know yet . she has been badly injured .	i saw by the face that all the rebirth , the spring and warriors were happy like buliwyf himself .	0
you dropped yours in the toilet again ?	we can separate from the ship .	0
so , either crow is psychic or ... or he knew this woman before she died .	you 're gon na coach .	0
mrs bennet : my jane looks well , does she not ?	`` he looks great , '' he said truthfully , and with the wind in his face , he scrambled to the edge of the gravity pool .	0
how 're you holding up in here , john ?	how you doing , john ?	1
i heard he lived in america . maybe that 's why he does n't want us digging trenches .	maybe that 's why he does n't want us digging trenches .	1
we 've got to have a civilian national security force that 's just as powerful , just as strong , just as well-funded .	we have to have a people 's national security militia that will be as powerful , as strong , as well-funded .	1
maybe we can introduce them .	maybe we should meet them .	1
found your balance all right .	the quiet , calm voice of boranova reminded him that he had long missed the time to go to sleep and that he was very tired .	0
i 'll talk to him . i 'll make him do it .	the scars on your back , she made you want to fuck her up ?	0
quit changing the subject .	change the subject .	1
if you could n't get her to pack it , i 'm not sure i can get her to wear it .	if you did n't bring her to pack , i do n't know if i 'll make her wear them .	1
guess i 'll see you around , bandee .	if he 's funny , he 'll think you 're a clown .	0
remember ... ... arms and wrists .	and at least , baron fell , mark decided .	0
please take your seats .	sit down , please .	1
the captain said , `` there is something about you two i do n't like .	`` still , there 's two things i do n't like about you . ''	1
come back , floriana ... i 'm sorry .	wait , floriana , i 'm sorry .	1
stop ! do n't hit !	`` music should be free for free , '' imp said .	0
an ambulance , dexter . no , it 's just a liability thing .	if you 're just gon na hang on to it , i 'll be ...	0
you know i will lay waste to this entire island to get it .	you know i 'm going to destroy the whole island to get it .	1
the refrigeration still worked .	thanks , chloe .	0
this election could turn ugly , very ugly .	like he does n't even know where he is .	0
i know this guy	we 're sorry . please return to your rooms .	0
it needs to be somewhere private .	when the flood destroyed the road in 1998 , we started using the old one in the tanneries .	0
think he 's just a smalltime thief ?	a thief ?	1
'not so fast . '	`` not so fast . ''	1
with the gun . when i get hold of him , i will stick it in his ass .	yeah , i did n't kill anyone or ...	0
you were looking at yourself in the mirror , and you wish you had some pot ?	you looked in the mirror and you wish you had a virgin ?	1
the engineer leaped in first , and found , on examining the rope , that it had been really worn through by rubbing against the rocks .	the engineer jumped at him first , took the end of the rope , and saw that it was really emphyxiated by rock .	1
arnold malone 's pulling all the strings and dickie fingers is singing like a canary in the hope that some mud will stick .	arnold malone 's pulling the strings , and dickie fingers is throwing accusations , like a canary in the hope of catching something .	1
you have been in contact with admiral kennelly during this mission ?	have you ever been in touch with admiral kennelly ?	1
do n't open it . keep it closed .	do n't open it .	1
when i started to cry , it brought us a lot .	it 's connected to us when i started crying .	1
but that , too , grew boring .	i was in a position where we were lifted up on the platform into the air .	0
writing cue/bin image	after the coffee and the cakes were left by the adult william to watch nelia and themselves settled in the living room .	0
if welearned your history , it might help us .	we loved each other that night , and then over and over again .	0
yeah , he think .	he thinks so .	1
“ with all the quiet ammunition i can pull out of my personal woodwork .	`` with all the silent ammunition i pull out of different cabinets .	1
the blue raja is my name . and- - yes , lknow .	in real terms , the new member states increased their contribution by 53 % .	0
77 and a guard attempted to attack the penitentiary .	77 and the guards tried to sabotage it .	1
so you stayed here all this time , fending for your life to protect earth ?	so you stayed here to protect the earth ?	1
i ’ ve been in the same predicament myself .	i 'm in the same situation myself .	1
okay , where is it ?	where ?	1
swindled ? me ?	trick-or-treating ?	1
it 's a bit small .	drink this .	0
we 'll pass through a viaduct .	no , you ca n't fucking ask me to keep my voice down , since they paid their checks .	0
you travel , you learn things , you see people .	do you think it 'll ever replace baseball ?	0
i 've got me reputation to consider .	i must think of my reputation .	1
hey , how about that ?	hey , what about this ?	1
sprinkle his ashes .	dust his ashes .	1
i see 'em wailing on that guy in the chair .	i was getting out .	0
guru ramu , kitty .	kitty .	1
no , i mean what you find enjoyable .	kissinger lectured us in georgetown ... ``	0
all i know is you only get one mother .	can you move your toes ?	0
but nobody has the key to that room .	but there 's no key from the room .	1
they 're coming through the wall , down where it 's dark , you see them ?	he 's going through the wall ... here , where it 's dark .	1
is that gon na happen to me ?	the monsters are hiding out here !	0
look , i 've accidentally exploded tons of stuff in my life and nothing 's been traced back to me .	look , i 've blown a ton of things in my life , and they never came to me .	1
there is nothing , just nothing , as good as a gut-wrenching orgasm when you really need one .	there 's nothing better than , really , nothing better than a heart-wrenching orgasm , if you really need one .	1
robert , emma ! please come in !	please , come inside !	1
good ?	satisfied ?	1
c'mon , we got ta get out of here .	excuse me , doctor .	0
emma : a few months ago i discovered i had a twin sister .	maybe it sounds weird , but ...	0
please be seated	i do n't dare to look at the camera because we 're worried about this creature .	0
bebe , i need a makeover . - cool .	bebe , i have to repaint .	1
how about the meadows ? ''	the road was winding through the mountains like a white ribbon that had been dropped there .	0
i trusted you . i trusted you .	i believed you .	1
somebody on this very team .	desire means something or someone too much to ask for .	0
he and i used to do all kinds of crap together . the truth is that i want to be exactly like him .	he and i were taking all sorts of fun , and i wanted to be like him .	1
moreover , the addressees of the decision generally carry out their activities in more than one member state through the intermediary of local representatives .	moreover , the undertakings to whom the decision was addressed shall carry out their activities via local representatives in more than one member state .	1
yeah . i think i do .	maggie , get up in the air .	0
your honor .	your honor ?	1
twice to the same woman .	maybe sarah found none .	0
concerning pigmeat , in 2006 prices were relatively positive but after the summer there was a considerable increase in the cost of feedingstuffs .	you 've put up with their guards .	0
that son of yours is something else .	buncke , who had known about bucio 's heroic objectives by then and was astounded by his progress , supported the young mexican in his efforts .	0
but do n't send the body of the loser back to me to deal with .	the family now has no idea .	0
well , uh ... she 's , uh ... taking the semester off to ... get her head straight .	they want ransom ?	0
sure . yeah ?	are you crazy ?	0
we have to be there by 1 0 .	we have to be there by 10 : 00 .	1
and when needs must ...	and when needed ...	1
14 . ( 9 ) oj l 48 , 21.2.2013 , p. 10 . ( 10 ) oj l 327 , 27.11.2012 , p .	34 . ( 6 ) oj l 327 , 27.11.2012 , p .	1
it 's financing ? yes .	is it funded ?	1
it 's certainly true that the americans have prepared seriously , ..some would say too seriously , to gain success .	no , someone switched bombs .	0
( a ) develop draft regulatory technical standards in the specific cases referred to in article 7 ;	( aa ) to create draft implementing technical standards in the specific cases provided for in article 7e ;	1
he just will not go down .	for your information , the supreme court has strongly denied restricting personal freedom !	0
pretty simple . everyone has a file .	everyone has a file .	1
laser cauterizes while it cuts , saves more liver .	laser liver saves .	1
recovery shall be effected without delay in accordance with the procedures of national law , provided these allow the immediate and effective execution of this decision .	recovery of the aid will occur immediately according to national procedural procedures if they allow for immediate and effective enforcement of the contested decision .	1
could n't we put one of the remote sentry units in the tunnel and then seal that door ?	so that 's why becker and i are going to hollywood .	0
'you do n't know ?	`` you do n't know ?	1
'it is not safe to go after her alone . '	`` it 's not safe to go after her . ''	1
that was it .	'we fired them and they sprinkled the ground so they ca n't go back , 'said the voice .	0
oreos . you know me , tom , i see it , i say it .	you know what i see , i 'll tell .	1
i say , let 's take a look at bernie madoff ,	so let 's consider bernie madoff ,	1
it will occupy us . keep things from getting too crazy .	he 'll keep us busy ... in front of crazy stuff .	1
which means he 's a criminal or a mercenary .	i waited for people to finally see how impressive miss tina cohen-chang was .	0
mrs. florrick on the phone with the governor just for a moment . sure , eli .	after that imprisonment , which he insists from leaving baku - sixty hours - of course , he has a right to ten minutes of freedom .	0
i mean , that 's just ... wonderful .	this is ... beautiful .	1
no matter what you think of me and no matter what happens now , i want you to know how much i care for you .	think what you need to know , no matter how i love you .	1
all you got ta do is just get through this one lousy thing , huh ?	all you have to do is finish this one lousy thing .	1
you do n't get it , dude .	you do n't understand , man .	1
did n't have any difficulty going up against you two .	you 're going to take me home , are n't you ?	0
it depends .	depends on ...	1
he held out his right hand , palm up and thumb folded flat against it in the traditional gesture .	he raised the right hand in a traditional gesture : a palm turned upward and a folded thumb .	1
but you were born here , that 's all that you need .	i 'm sure i can handle an octospider who does n't have perfectly good behaviour. ``	0
damn !	oh , god damn it !	1
yeah . and she 's fine .	come on , boy !	0
frontpage corporate presence web site wizard	the company 's presentations on the frontpage web site	1
this is for repairing the house .	we send a message to the guys , and i do n't want to add a problem to anything else .	0
he may need to figure that out in his own way .	maybe he needs to figure it out for himself .	1
they said it 's too dry and overcooked .	he says it 's too dry .	1
you 're no different from him ... or from anyone else in this town .	no time for a meal .	0
hundred quid on cavendish in the quarters .	let 's go show it .	0
he says this blue is a very serious man .	we cleared your house .	0
i am so going to tweet about that .	slowly down .	0
the desktop version lets you create applications of type `` 1 computer - any number of devices '' .	your version of the desktop can be created by using a type 1 computer - any number of stations .	1
if you 're jerking us around ... you and your girlfriend are in trouble .	you and your girl are in trouble .	1
please retry at a later time .	try again later .	1
till we let you out .	her husband was a cop in 14th precinct and a hero every inch .	0
then after two years , he got fed up .	but after two years he had had enough .	1
he drives so smooth , you can boil an egg on the engine .	stoffer , let her go !	0
it 's a latte !	yes , it will be better .	0
it was bad luck for will that he had been in training for only seven months .	i wo n't disturb you .	0
the air above was heavy with fog , and a reek lay on the land about them .	a heavy mist hung in the air above them , and a sharp smell lay on the ground .	1
however , there is not sufficient evidence to that effect in the case before the court .	however , there are insufficient indicia in the proceedings before the court of justice for this conclusion .	1
remember , this is just bowman 's space .	remember , this is bowman 's pouch .	1
she began to push the bed again .	you must have run out of money i gave you last time .	0
we 'll probably get our asses kicked , but at least we 'll go down swinging . yeah ?	do you think i enjoy going to work ?	0
you really should see what i can do ... with just my thumb .	you should see what i can do ... with one finger .	1
breakfast is done but there are still quite a few in the ballroom .	`` mother , please stop ... please , '' ellie said , fearing nicole would strike again .	0
lou ... - then you'il come home ?	we have a little ... business about these buyers , but ... it 's not a problem .	0
you were born of ajackal !	night , boys .	0
please rank the options below by order of importance	according to the order of origin , the following organoleptic characteristics are among the most important elements :	0
du jour .	du jour ?	1
but , you know , this writer ... writers are damn pretty good too	you 'd be great , but this writer , the writer ... they 're too good .	1
do what you can to find the pieces . see if they can be mended , and above all , tell robert to dry his tears .	so find the pieces , find out if they 're going to fix it , and tell robert to dry the tears .	1
you did n't wan na get involved , mother .	did you want to get involved , mother ?	1
uh , do you have a scarier `` s '' than that , or ... ? yeah .	uh , do you have any more scary `` n '' or ... ?	1
it 's a bunch of letters .	every book is just a bunch of letters .	1
v – analysis a – preliminary observations 67 .	okay , i do n't think you just can handle the way you feel right now .	0
she 's a good kid .	she 's nice .	1
and -- and how are we gon na explain to axl why his father is n't going ?	vocabulary compared to others .	0
so if one of the victims was somebody familiar with voodoo , then that 's where it got the idea of becoming a winged serpent . ”	so if any of the victims were familiar with voodoo , then the idea would come from her to turn into a winged snake. ``	1
with your leave , my lord , i 'd like to call the defendant .	with your permission , sir , i 'd like to call the defendant .	1
tell me , am i hallucinating or is this snow ?	2 ) one can only be a fully self-interested physical person .	0
i was just playing mine -- my banjo .	i played mi ... on my banjo .	1
desert operative .	i would n't want to do anything no , it 's fine .	0
article 6 psittaciformes must be identified individually at arrival in quarantine in accordance with chapter 2b of annex b .	you did n't just tell everyone , you said that in front of capri and on camera .	0
'bug'roff ! ' they twittered .	'smis ' you , aye ! 'they barked .	1
i 'm so over sookie and her precious fairy vagina and her unbelievably stupid name !	i 'm sick of sookie , her perfect whirling vagina and that incredibly idiotic name !	1
the applicant shall provide a declaration of compliance with this criterion , together with documentation on the combined heat and power plant .	assessment and verification : the applicant shall provide a declaration of compliance with this criterion , together with documentation concerning the combined production of heat and power generation .	1
officially , only central services can touch this stuff .	i want to show you jason 's grave .	0
could be referencing map coordinates , some kind of radio beacon .	it could be coordinates , radio frequency .	1
use your sleeve .	i thought i 'd end up in 16th .	0
captain , cho ming airfield 's been hit .	edna .	0
is that where it is ?	maybe it 's just someone who has to shave twice a day and sometimes has the urge to run around behind the car .	0
is grandpa with you ? - yeah .	i made it .	0
en official journal of the european union c 134/52 statement of the council ’ s reasons :	en official journal of the european union c 134 / 52 justification of the council :	1
he 's been scared ever since that night .	he 's still worried about that night .	1
just for a minute 'cause you know i 've got the trainer tomorrow .	so we have a great drama .	0
you 're looking at it from this side .	you have to watch it from the side .	1
of course i 'm right !	of course i do !	1
twisting it at the centre , he produced two short swords , then spun and ran towards the causeway .	he turned her in the middle of it , took out two short swords , then turned and ran toward the sidewalk in the water .	1
i 'm afraid i was only thinking of myself .	i just wanted to know if you were gon na insult your friend the same way .	0
let 's talk about your next job .	no , no , no , listen .	0
do n't touch the other post .	during the war , doctors decide who lives and who does n't .	0
the customers looked at one another .	the guests looked one by one .	1
the birds , they go .	the birds fly away .	1
`` you know that ? ''	`` hey , captain . ''	0
`` the next king of drasnia .	'next drasnian king .	1
so do i. what were you doing ?	what the hell were you doing ?	1
to justin ! happy birthday !	to justin !	1
a gentle knocking on the parlour door awoke myrtis late the next morning .	i just want to talk .	0
it 's all possible .	everything is possible	1
he 's a monster who kills without any feeling for his victims .	i drank more beer .	0
i 've also had quite a chat about him with captain norden , by the way , so i 'm not relying merely on tonight 's interview .	i had a long conversation with captain norden , too , so i do n't just come out of today 's conversation .	1
you have n't liked any of the women you 've roomed with .	i did n't like any of the women you used to live with .	1
we were dating , what , a week ?	we 've been together for , like , a week ?	1
did i take my ...	we took my ...	1
oecd countries , higher than the growth in health care spending .	about 4.8 % , which is a bigger increase than in health care spending .	1
no !	not her !	1
they 're much better than your eggplants !	they 're a lot better than your lilies !	1
why are you asking ?	why does joel speak with an inflated vest ?	0
`` i do n't .	`` me .	1
i 've blocked your signal .	i told you to block your signal .	1
use the new theme 's behaviour ?	use behavior from a new theme ?	1
just go .	now go .	1
you are warriors , just like us .	as are you warriors .	1
what did you do ?	god , it 's okay .	0
i remembered , i remembered . . . my life within the shadow place its inhabitants had called the earth .	then one day -- - i have a secret .	0
hornblower gave orders for them to be fed , at the same time as the other boats came back downwind , each with its quota of prisoners .	hornblower ordered them to be fed ; at the same time , the other boats returned with another batch of captives .	1
this is it , quite simply the biggest club game on the planet .	but we 'll check it out .	0
samuel brewer ? it was too dark to see his face .	ca n't you ever succeed in anything ?	0
uther 's blade cut into wotan 's side , but a savage riposte sliced the flesh of the king 's thigh .	so you want her ?	0
there 's no problem .	i have no problem .	1
let 's go ! come on ! go on .	`` the man was a bailiff ? ''	0
what i must do now is track down the source of the orders that keep this war going .	i called you first .	0
the entrance is n't far .	what did the doctor say ?	0
because clearly , our killer is the invisible man .	what nadia is doing .	0
i have money .	get away from them .	0
the confession tape ... now .	i wish i could call an army of dwarves , fully armed and cunning .	0
the prize will be $ 2m .	the prize will be $ 2 million .	1
and then , all of a sudden , you know , there you are .	and after that , nothing , you know , here .	1
my whole body was seizing up in the wake of the accident and my joints felt stiff with rust .	the accident resulted in my entire body being held up and felt as though my joints had stiffened .	1
chamomile tea works great for headaches .	buttercup tea is great for headache .	1
( a reference to ) the list with abbreviations of participating countries .	( reference to ) list ( u ) of the countries concerned .	1
uh , but-but if you 'll just give me a second ... i 'll check with my associate .	just a second . i 'll consult my partner .	1
but the brothers ...	the zotov brothers ...	1
but there 's something else , too . is n't there ?	i 'm more interested in the burned floor .	0
actually ... there is onething you can do for me .	but you 're going home today , are n't you ?	0
he was like that . real .	okay .	0
no suggestion for a recommended concentration can be made in this test method ; this is left to the regulators ’ judgement .	in this test method , the recommended concentration can not be proposed : its determination is left to the judgement of those with decision-making powers .	1
suddenly i think , i 'm at the epicenter of the family 's private life .	suddenly i think i found myself in an intimate epicentre of this family .	1
i mean , to you and me , these are just a bunch of old clothes .	i mean , for us it 's just a heap of old clothes .	1
gο ahead .	go ahead .	1
these are the people you live amongst .	so it 's the people we live in .	1
`` thou shalt not kill '' seems pretty immediate to me .	we were told that ahamo is in this area	0
the seat of the agency shall be located in brussels .	the agency is based in brussels .	1
so this penalty could put portugal in the lead .	this penalty may be given to the portuguese .	1
you know ... ... i would n't like to kill just anybody .	you know , i would n't want to kill zero .	1
member states shall make available to the public the practical modalities for such suspension .	member states shall publish the practical aspects of such a suspension .	1
deirdre did spot an interesting possibility , however .	deirdre noticed , though , interesting possibilities .	1
remember our talk on the bridge , the weighty one ?	do you remember the bridge ?	1
he 's the foot guy .	all the while i stood in the dark anteroom and watched the scene of the gravel in the nearest closed door .	0
waiting further .	we 're waiting .	1
yes . like your lives .	same as your lives .	1
it falls into a different dip , and a neighboring universe is born .	it fits into a different compound , and it 's born into a neighboring universe .	1
if you were to double cross us , dylan might not take it personally , but others would , and that could be very bad for you .	we 'll be parked next to the bus stop .	0
you will never come back here and you will get back in your car and you will drive home .	listen , your father did n't come back ?	0
i was at the bottom of a bottle of gin , about to get booted off the force in saint paul .	i was at the bottom of a gin bottle when i got fired from a unit in saint paul .	1
i would say , you know , if you said :	i 'd say if you 'd say :	1
and who do i say that to ?	who do i have to tell ?	1
recalculates changed formulas in the current sheet .	recounts all formulas in the current sheet .	1
c_2014093en.01001901.xml en official journal of the european union c 93/19 action brought on 10 december 2013 — european commission v italian republic ( case c-653/13 )	`` you have to be clear with him , or he wo n't understand you . ''	0
the patient should receive tienam after haemodialysis and at 12 hour intervals timed from the end of that haemodialysis session .	the patient should be given haemodialysis after haemodialysis and at 12-hour intervals during haemodialysis .	1
we dont have much to eat .	not even a poem .	0
beneath the gruff exterior , you 're a sap .	i was george 's lover , before i left his supervisor .	0
hl , honey ! i 'm home !	baby , i 'm home !	1
if you were n't so stingy we 'd already have the store .	if you had n't been so uptight , we might have had our own shop .	1
i have found holmes ' methodology of deductive reasoning to be quite useful .	and you think he 's talking shit .	0
delete extension ( alt+d )	take a deep breath , ben .	0
he kept sweeping it past my face , over and over again .	what can i get you ?	0
okay , i 'm walking away from you now .	okay , i 'm leaving you .	1
maybe , though . dr. bailey was fired last night .	extra shifts .	0
the problem is you want a man-man .	the thing is , you want a man-man .	1
yeah , i will be if you like it .	i 'll be if you want .	1
then whose interests does a republic serve ?	the poets then recited aloud , and the rest of us watched the poem on their copies .	0
you know that best .	but you know best .	1
it 's weird weather , eh ?	would you mind relaxing ?	0
leave me alone .	do n't call the guards in the yard .	0
but i love your shoes .	annex vi programme programmes ( referred to in article 13 )	0
i 'd appreciate that you behave , so that we do n't lose our subsidies .	i would appreciate if you behaved well so we would n't lose our subsidies .	1
you should have gone with him .	this prior notification shall not be possible , except in duly justified cases , before 48 hours before the start of the inspection .	0
dr. t , you 're in early !	woman ...	0
`` my last thread of courage now is to put my faith in you ... `` and to believe i will see you again .	the last thing i 've got the courage to do is put my hopes on you and believe i 'll see you again .	1
its missions are detailed in article 45 of the teu .	its tasks are listed in article 45 of the eu treaty .	1
the only thing we know is when these two amulets combined ; they will make a really severe power we ca n't imagine .	all we know is when the two amulets come together , they have a really terrible power .	1
but your honour , i already work a double shift now !	`` your own devices record everything , '' augustine said at the console .	0
he borrowed it from our mother . give me a break .	... i want to say .	0
you tell us . you were there having a secret meeting with sarova .	you should have told us . you had a sato 's secret meeting there .	1
i almost got it .	i 'm almost done .	1
rather i hope po chi lam help you achieve good health , build up a strong body .	they are unfazed by the way they jump in the bowl .	0
why would i order cranberry if i do n't drink cranberry ?	why would i order them if i do n't drink them ?	1
i can sue you and this airline .	i can give you and your airline to court .	1
watch the way she moves .	watch her move .	1
i just need to ask a few questions .	default shortcut keys for builder .	0
he 's analysing them .	hey , that 's the new head of krusty two .	0
i might have something of value .	maybe i have something valuable .	1
huh ! that 's strange , since peanut butter was n't introduced until the early 1900s .	this is special because peanut butter has existed until the early 19th century .	1
is that clear to you , sir ? ”	is this clear to you ? ``	1
his mother had fallen in love with a highlander .	get out of here !	0
i 've worked so hard to say my first words to you .	i 'll get you something to eat !	0
oh my god , is that a basquiat ?	god , is it basquiat ?	1
richie , would you do me a favor and eat my pussy for me ? please ?	richie , would you do me a favor and lick it off for me ?	1
put your hands up !	cindy showed up right away , scott ... you 're really lucky .	0
open the door ! you , in there , please !	and i could n't find any trace of them .	0
now there is nobody to attack high harbor !	are you strapped to him ?	0
they were ashen now : charcoal dusted a pale blue-grey from the brightening stars , the colour of a wolf at twilight .	you 'll dial him up .	0
now , this bombing campaign struck deep into the british people 's sense of security .	these explosions struck the british people deeply in his sense of security .	1
i 've got a team on the way here from d.c. , but until they arrive ... ... you will be assisting us with the legwork .	if your follow-up to help clear your name , it 's better that i 'm doing it , not someone who thinks you 're guilty .	0
and these are men who know where they are and care , but do n't drink .	i already have a buyer .	0
it seems mr. grisby wants to disappear ... ... and this is a scheme of his to get himself declared dead .	grisby wants to disappear ... and be declared dead .	1
i , uh -- i found this ... and , uh , i want you to have it .	i found something here , and i want to give it to you .	1
know why that is ?	follow the west escalator and cross the bridge .	0
where 's the captain 's bridge at our cottage ?	dad , is there a bridge at our cottage ?	1
saul opened his eyes , and his terror was very great .	saul opened his eyes and was in awe of terror and terror .	1
come , come ... uther ...	come on , uther .	1
selections 28 calls for proposals were published as well as 1 call for tenders .	selection procedure 28 calls for proposals were published and one tender procedure was published .	1
here . ... with the outside .	the gnomes watched silently as rincewind moved away from their friend .	0
give me a targeting solution on the `` roanoke '' and stand by to redirect all defensive fire .	give me the target address for roanoke and prepare to re-engage the defensive fire .	1
fought me , killed me ... exterminated by your hand ...	how dare you propose to dixon in the head ?	0
the contest was going full steam , several events at once , and the air was full of bright plastic bits spinning in all kinds of flight patterns .	( d ) surfaces are of material resistant to destruction and infestations of insects and other members ;	0
gentlemen of the jury ... ... you heard the evidence of the prosecution and the defense .	dear jury , you have heard the evidence of the indictment and the defense .	1
what , are you going for , like , the guinness record of caffeine consumption ?	i 'm serious .	0
two floors above the murder scene ? why whack someone then head upstairs to start a gas leak ?	he tensed his strength as if he had raised a number three times heavier on his chest than he had .	0
oh , he 's gon na be fine . just fine .	you used to love them .	0
is n't that something you want ?	i 'm not sure , but we need to get out of here now .	0
we must speak loud and clear to those who still dare support her .	will they go on a suicide mission just because you want them to ?	0
pretty excited about being let go .	he 's quite excited about letting him out .	1
on there ?	if we do n't smoke - ``	0
i tried to be strong for him ... so he would n't get even more depressed .	we tried to be strong so it would n't depress him even further .	1
total number of getlicensorcertificate requests received .	how do you build your weapons ?	0
regimental headquarters .	the lovebirds i ordered for the wedding procession are all dead !	0
did n't they tell you to expect me ? no .	i stuffed you in there .	0
it was i who felt most strongly that the human brain would not be affected .	`` it was me who was most sure that the human brain could not be damaged in an attempt .	1
no , i meant the voice ...	no , i think your voice ...	1
howard and company mechanism out of boston .	i think that 's a mechanism in e. howard and a company from boston .	1
oh my god , she 's in hel ? !	i apologized .	0
create a discussion group with threads , a table of contents , and full-text searching .	creates a discussion group with sequences , content and full text searches .	1
|| 0 90 other institutions	gruer smiled wryly , his eyes on daneel and back again .	0
in winter , the cattle have to travel a good bit looking for feed ... and in summers , every once in a while there 's a drought .	in winter they have to walk up the cattle for a big chunk of the way ... and in the summer it is a big drought .	1
this mechanism gives pos more autonomy since they are in charge of the fixation of the intervention prices .	this mechanism gives producer organisations greater autonomy , given that they are responsible for determining intervention prices .	1
lincoln was right all along .	what he did to you was a criminal offence and it 's traumatising .	0
that something was going to happen in your family .	which aster corps is trying to make a great deal of .	0
for the keesa . ''	sebastian , sebastian , stop licking your mouth .	0
the test protocol should also be modified accordingly , in order all three phases to be subjected to substance analysis .	raptiva should be discontinued if any changes occur during treatment ( see sections 4.3 and 4.8 ) .	0
location of that marking :	he 'll send a car for us .	0
i 've told you i 'll be there when you fell .	i told you i 'd be there .	1
he appeared to ponder this for a moment as his rheumy eyes glazed over .	well , i think we 'd like to recall it ourselves .	0
long enough to strike your name from the history books .	well , maybe not extensively ... claws and teeth were there .	0
get it registered under a new name .	register him under another name .	1
i want to change the heart .	you have to change your heart .	1
`` hurry , '' he said .	`` but hurry up . ''	1
you 've got a farang with you .	this is done through a combination of common themes and associated marketing efforts towards the inclusion of the area under the common brand .	0
how they all tremble when he bellows .	as they all tremble when they roar .	1
it 's good .	if you put the boards in , daddy 's going to die .	0
hey , sweetie . like a date ?	honey , would you like to go on a date ?	1
then fucking climb around .	`` it will be easier for you to take me as an offender . ''	0
and she knew why people in genua were quiet and nice .	i love you .	0
m-mom ... no , mom .	that 's all i can do !	0
( woman speaking indistinctly on tv ) what would this white house do without you , mellie ?	he wo n't be back for half an hour .	0
i got a picture postcard of it .	i have it on a postcard .	1
she stood at the other end of a long room when he entered .	he was at the opposite end of the long room as he entered .	1
how 'd you know i live here ? - you told me .	`` we 'll know more before long , but if you want me to try an estimate ... ''	0
it 's specifically for you !	that 's for you !	1
`` the sun will blind at midnight and neither police nor professors can stop it . ''	she wanted and needed a company of young people of its kind .	0
bree lifted one hand and stabbed a finger in my direction .	bree raised her hand and stabbed her finger in the air toward me .	1
we will seek it until we have found the means to cast down you and your master and all his works .	if they bring you covered in suti , it 's all about the mri .	0
'very good , acuas .	`` very good , acun .	1
atc will give you vectors for a safe landing .	mom would n't forget that .	0
all i 've heard from you is `` i 'm sorry ! '' and `` i 'm afraid ! ''	for , almost the first time i entered this house , i chose you as a companion for your next life !	0
so get back to me please , bye .	it is important that the agencies be prevented from using such information in the implementation of other activities .	0
me neither ...	not even me ...	1
tell him it 's a mashie ...	tell him , bagger .	1
there might be more men coming .	there could be more people .	1
dale stood there expectantly , holding a blanket in his hand , ready to saddle the horse .	but , your honor , i 'm already doing double shifts .	0
night , buddy .	good night .	1
clearly , this drug was no cure for septic fever , but stroud persisted , trying different combinations .	just say the cute little maxipoo .	0
start that again and you wo n't even see retirement .	start with it again , and you wo n't be able to retire .	1
i 'm gon na have it , i 've already decided !	i 've decided !	1
do you remember when you were thinking of being a missionary ?	an attack on the mountain , with the german team .	0
my grandmother did .	thirteen minutes after 4 a.m. , they injected an epidural .	0
the cynesgan empress gave her a blank stare , obviously missing her point .	the cynesgan empress gave her an empty look , apparently because she did not understand the subtle reference .	1
you can ask anybody .	you may ask .	1
the missionary raised his hand as if to exhort some power above .	the missionary raised his hand as if he were taking a power on top .	1
it 's 304 million people , give or take a couple .	it 's a plus-minus 304 million people .	1
so now go straight to hell	can we talk somewhere ?	0
i answer chronologically or alphabetically ?	gentlemen , would you like to hear every game of 15,000 people fanned by you ? - certainly all the time . - twenty .	0
bamboo furniture is very beautiful and very dramatic .	`` is something wrong ? '' said bombest solicitously .	0
`` he left .	he 's gone .	1
it was a nauseating process , but in all , he was very relieved that there seemed no part of himself who actually enjoyed it .	stop fucking around .	0
i sell herbs and homeopathic remedies and dress it up with a little witchy-woo for the tourists , but i do n't practice .	i sell herbs and homeopathic medicines and incorporate it into a witty wrapper for tourists , but i do n't practice anymore .	1
what lesson ? dean 's your weakness .	dean is your weakness .	1
who is this famous pleader , of whom i was ignorant 10 minutes ago ?	i 've issued orders to dismantle the engine until we can upgrade this technology .	0
xi saw a strange-looking person , and greeted him .	xi saw a strange man and greeted him .	1
figured he 's been crashing with lindsay .	she told me she was choking on her baby .	0
i do n't know who my friends are anymore .	i do n't have any friends .	1
and when you were taken a year ago i got a work with police	do you think she got carried away with her fantasies ?	0
maybe someday all of em ’ ii go up and repaint some of the signs , or pull weeds , or plant flowers .	perhaps one day they will take down and repaint some of the gravestones and rip off weeds or sow the flowers .	1
the esso facility was a roaring mass of flames which had already engulfed the nearby photo lab and base thrift shop .	we 've both searched every place she could be .	0
harry touched down right behind her and dismounted on a patch of unkempt grass in the middle of a small square .	i lost an agent myself in moscow .	0
but looming over the yangs was that portion of the costs not covered by donations ; they already owed $ 60,000 for those under way in los angeles .	jangs , however , were worried by the cost of which contributions were not enough - for tests in los angeles , they already owed $ 60,000 .	1
'well ... as you say , it was only an hour since . '	`` well ... as you say , it 's only been an hour . ''	1
and he would retire to the library , his hideaway , learning to distance himself from humiliation and indifference . ”	the noise of the crest intensified again as she turned the road and headed back toward fergus and danny .	0
oh , you two ...	but you two ...	1
the standard shall apply at all stages of marketing under the conditions laid down in regulation ( ec ) no 2200/96 .	the standard shall apply in all stages of trade under the conditions laid down in regulation ( ec ) no 2200 / 96 .	1
| manufacture of prepared animal feeds	we need to find out what it is .	0
get your velvety smooth , brazilian wax !	brazilian wax !	1
let 's start with nothing , ok ?	let 's start from scratch , shall we ?	1
it does n't look like a natural formation .	it does n't look like a natural unit .	1
oh , no , it 's all my fault .	when i got there , there were about 12 other women who just sat there as drugged .	0
bugs , control your tasmanian devil .	the question did n't make sense .	0
oh , you had some kobe , as well ?	did you also have kobe steak ?	1
about the empress , i hope you do not misunderstand any attempt on her life would be a disaster .	any attempt at her life would be a disaster .	1
we are going from -3 to 0 .	we 're going from 3 to 0 .	1
everything set , bough ?	curt connors .	0
phantom faces at the windows	i draw .	0
it 's still shared , but it 's all on that side of the molecule .	| | c ( 2013 ) 8690	0
let me come with you you 'd be safe with me !	you killed my love life .	0
no . security cameras at richards bay were conveniently shut down for four hours .	nothing , but if you want to go to the food , you want to be with her .	0
michael , do n't sucuch .	like this .	0
does n't seem quite fair though . it 's so late .	but it 's not very fair if it 's so late .	1
it only gets funnier when you explain it , sheldon .	it 's lugia .	0
hang on .	he 's in the pool .	0
do you have any advice for people like me who are on different diets year after year and never seem to lose any weight ?	your mom mistakenly confused it , and it turned out ...	0
he 's taken the bait ! fire !	he ignited the fire !	1
`` what possible reason could the octospiders have for making a film like that to deceive us ?	`` what reasons might the octospiders have to make a movie like that ?	1
stacy : oh yes oh !	oh yes oh !	1
i could take over for you here .	there are things we do n't call them .	0
the details , together with the relevant calculations shall be sent to the authorities of the countries where lloyd 's is established .	so here 's j. j. thomson discovered an electron , and rutherford split an atom .	0
i ca n't intercede for her , mary .	i ca n't intervene in her favor , mary .	1
around 270 ethics monitoring clearance notes were issued in 2013 .	i 'm sure he 's good at exorcising the devil , but ...	0
aw , crap .	shit .	1
what about the molestation ?	ada had never issued a report .	0
what possible reason is there to bring the most ruthless force in the entire world to tamuli ?	in town , on wall street .	0
amy was behind the counter .	i think i left them with lily , i 'm sorry .	0
first you wo n't play penny can with me , now you wo n't rename a boat ?	first , you do n't want to play a tin of coins with me , and now you do n't want to rename the ship ?	1
but he ’ s not curious about the girls . and he ’ s friends with all of them .	live !	0
at 21 , alexander invaded asia with an army of 40,000 trained men .	just a problem with a troublesome client .	0
`` i 'm sorry , smoking is not allowed . ''	`` there 's no smoking . ''	1
such notice shall not exceed 48 hours , except in duly justified cases .	project statistics for ^ 1	0
he could have explained , but did n't .	there 's nothing to fix !	0
no excuses . - he never came .	136 in those circumstances , the applicant 's rights of defence were not infringed .	0
we 're supposed to be on our honeymoon , okay ?	we 're on our honeymoon , are n't we ?	1
then tell me , so i do n't assume the worst of you .	then explain it to me so i do n't see the worst of it .	1
if they arrive every day , soon we will have enough .	if they arrive every day , there will be plenty of them .	1
it 's a clever way of setting us against each other .	it 's a clever idea to turn us against each other .	1
the cooties and their robot friends respond to sound , right ?	cooties and their fellow robots respond to the noise , are n't they ?	1
i know youdo n't mean anything by it , but ... it would n't look right .	i know you do n't mean anything , but it just does n't look good .	1
i 'm getting out !	the foundation 's governance has been reinforced in recent years by the creation of the monitoring board .	0
let him run .	let him go !	1
what is it ? - what the hell is that ?	what on earth is that ?	1
well , the strange thing is , my work usually feels like dating .	you will always be my dearest friend. ``	0
they 'll choke ? !	will they stifle us ?	1
hey , all you drivers .	i 'm sorry to say that .	0
are very similar to the kind of symbols you find on traffic signs	the debate on this report is included in tomorrow 's agenda .	0
he respects you far too much to yell at you , no matter how much he wants to .	and so we felt that america and england were on their way to becoming very good friends again .	0
dishonor ! dishonor on your whole family .	shame on the whole family !	1
now , sid .	right away , sid .	1
oh , my god ! dad !	oh , my god .	1
do you think it 's possible to yank someone 's arm off with your bare hands ?	you think it 's possible to rip someone 's hand off someone 's hand ?	1
43 it is precisely such a situation that the fifth indent of article 12 of directive 97/67 is intended to regulate .	43 the fifth indent of article 12 of directive 97 / 67 is to modify precisely that situation .	1
núria , you 'll wind up running around the woods naked like a whore !	no , it sounds like an arsonist .	0
“ elle est jolie—et chic , ” murmured poirot .	`` elle est jolie - et chic , '' whispered poirot .	1
i can feel the life returning to my body .	i feel my life coming back to me .	1
this is ... is probably not a good idea .	i 'm offering half a million worth of goods worth two hundred thousand .	0
let 's make his last night here one he 'll always remember .	`` then we can talk about it .	0
`` have a good rest ? ''	she had no children , never married and left no will .	0
windows has found a problem with this file .	our clear hour is yet to trickle down .	0
you were still taking jobs ?	i give my clients social services and i take them back to the county .	0
the old paleontologist nodded with satisfaction .	listen , do n't hang up .	0
two in the front .	they say the inspiration is from 99 % bought by sweat and at least twice as much with me ...	0
if you were me , i would n't hesitate to leave you and you know that .	you 're not gon na let anyone in , are you ?	0
but the human mind balked at the idea .	but the human mind was startled by such an idea .	1
she 'll figure all this out . she always does . please .	in fact , i looked pretty hot. ``	0
well , are you guys gon na say anything or ...	so you gon na say something , or ...	1
it 's a bit dirty , i 'll clean that up .	it 's a little dirty .	1
but this is me doing mine , okay ? and not just as a father , but as a cop .	i wo n't give you anything !	0
once they send guys to kill you , they 're past the `` i promise not to tell '' stage .	he studied the heavens carefully , drawing conclusions .	0
ladies and gentlemen the first round is in the books in this championship match .	you should rest .	0
we probably need a new filter around about now . maybe ...	i guess we need a new filter , maybe ...	1
'always , ' answered the warrior grimly .	'always , 'said the darkly warrior .	1
lebron moved on , ted . so should you .	levantine 's voice was unsettled .	0
but , rabbit , today 's the day ... that i always get my very special ...	`` where 's the captain of the sappers ? ''	0
you should bring them as well .	johnny , maybe .	0
the real me would like that very much .	you 're important .	0
he 's camped two or three miles outside of town . he says he 'll be here just after sunup .	still , sophie reached a decision .	0
well , thankfully no-one was hurt . but the good sister did feel the need to shoot one of our horses .	should n't you be sitting on them ?	0
operation brought us stateside a week ago .	scuzz would have dumped his own mother for a bottle and a half of a gram .	0
mo was in the poky so many times that he developed a regular escape routine .	i really ...	0
she would n't even have gone back home to do it ; she would have crossed the street to the plotskys ' house and called from there .	she would not even go home for it ; she would walk down the street to potsa and call out from them .	1
bro , i 'm gon na get me my `` g-o-b . '' a job .	he ... my lord , the biker 's son was hard to see .	0
`` do n't let them touch you , '' caramon warned in a low voice .	the voice of the old hunter-gatherer sounded a little sad .	0
i call lena lunders to the stand .	i 'm calling lunder lunder 's stand .	1
can you tell me , is the person who shot him still here ?	the guy who shot him is still there ?	1
come on in , guys , say hello .	did you know the birds are direct descendants of dinosaurs ?	0
and the way he behaves .	i have to call my old mother .	0
the only thing worse than a cia operative is a cia operative with a personal agenda .	the only thing worse than a cia agent is a cia agent with a personal goal .	1
becker shrugged , checking the ring .	with all due respect , it could only happen if you did n't give your recommendations .	0
`` but there 's nothing in tien 's estate but debts . ''	`` but tien only had debts . ''	1
dude cmon what do we do ?	dude , come on , what do we do ?	1
the devil is roaming this abbey .	the devil himself is wandering around the abbey .	1
lily : i 'm sorry , rufus , but the chili ... the smell .	sorry , rufus , but the children -- his smell endures .	1
in general , the anticipated route of human exposure should be considered when designing an assay .	in the planning of the test , the expected method of exposure for humans should be considered .	1
could be . gravity is another one of those seemingly self-evident forces that has raised a number of questions :	gravity is another force about obvious that a high number of questions .	1
i tell you , when we first came up here ... ... i thought it was kind of scary .	truthfully , when we first came here ... ... there was this scary thing .	1
article 11 repeal decisions 2008/284/ec and 2011/274/eu are repealed with effect from 1 january 2015 .	i tried .	0
i have worries it 's the same guy . i know where you live .	you will obey , or you will be forfeited .	0
when i saw him in person , he said it was nothing .	it 's like ... like a jolt of some ... darkness .	0
head up , lad .	i ca n't pretend nothing happened .	0
get him .	they stared into it with horror and fear as they chased a nasty vermin around their feet .	0
he believed that langston had probably babbled everything he knew to thrall , which necessitated a change of plan .	oh , hell , eric .	0
if we could thaw out all that water and co2 ice , several things would happen .	he 's an amazing example , and it gives us courage .	0
her voice was as dry as the sahara .	the voice was dry as desert sand .	1
sorry there , old spud head .	an innocent receptionist and housekeeper had to die because you 're a weatherman .	0
big block turned around , pivoting on the joints in its midsection , and rolled forward on its single cylindrical foot .	the big chunk turned on the joints in his mid-section , rolling into his single cylindrical leg .	1
in order to drive that legally , you need a class two driver 's license .	so you can legally drive ... you need a second-class license .	1
they look like ... november .	for the 22nd time ... ... as director of the theatre ... ... i 'm making a speech here .	0
maybe she was right about the major and his evil eye .	that 's no problem ...	0
you girls go ahead .	you go ahead .	1
the speaker struggled to regain his composure .	the speaker tried to recover .	1
i 'm in a band .	i have a group .	1
i do n't know . i do n't know .	i 'm not sure .	1
it will make a valuable addition to his collection , and greatly amuse and entertain the citizens of amhor .	have i died in vain ... and so many others ?	0
he clutched at a rock around which the torrent spilled him , felt a clutching finger torn from his hand before he could release his grip .	he was holding the rock , and he felt his finger rip out of the gripping hand before he could even let go .	1
you think we 'd have gotten married at all ... if i had n't been pregnant with matt ?	you stopped at the motel ?	0
move your ass ! - you ! - face me !	face me !	1
son of a bitch !	fuck !	1
if you take more glucomed than you should if you have taken large quantities you must consult your doctor or a hospital .	i have a bunch of crazy stories i have to tell you .	0
`` so ? '' keogh said .	some €3.6 billion will be spent on the modernisation of public authorities and services , and on the creation and implementation of effective policies .	0
zane could have tried to rush past me , to use his speed , but he did n't .	but the priest was gone to interview his own information sources , and burdette was alone with the horror he unleashed .	0
where is her mother ? - i do n't know .	`` all of a sudden you knew someone was there ?	0
directive 84/450/eec ( 4 ) has been repealed and replaced by directive 2006/114/ec ( 5 ) .	directive 84 / 450 / eec ( 4 ) has been repealed and replaced by directive 2006 / 114 / ec ( 5 ) .	1
take the west escalator and go across the sky bridge .	the best beer , the blues , the gusts .	0
are muggings to be brought under this mythical `` terrorism '' umbrella ?	does the `` terrorism '' box `` terrorism '' include robberies ?	1
this is so exciting !	it 's so beautiful !	1
finn sat down and stared over the rugged countryside .	finn sat down and stared at the raucous landscape .	1
do you have anything that can accomplish that in a hurry ?	can you do something quick about this ?	1
oh , the one to alleviate his snoring ?	hey , baby 's got claws .	0
( e ) aerodromes , as defined in article 8a of the said regulation ;	( e ) the airport , as defined in article 8a of that regulation ;	1
it 's not clear yet but it will be once i 'm on keishing .	_ quit older files	0
long way ?	she needed more information , finding out how bad their situation really was - even though she was terrified at the same time .	0
yeah , i guess you could n't ask his wife , uh ,	you ca n't ask his wife :	1
it must include a political process to give democratic legitimacy and accountability to further integration moves .	then take the money , tara , the boys and get out of charming .	0
it was there they sold their cattle and grain , and from what kaspar could discern , bandamin had been considered well-to-do by local standards .	they were selling cattle and corn in the village , and bandamin was likely to be considered quite possible by local standards .	1
do n't you just want to paddle to miami sometimes ?	do you ever want to paddle all the way to miami ?	1
three years , the fashioning of this sacred place .	three years before you created this sacred place .	1
i had a great time last night .	i had a really nice night .	1
pulse is dropping . we 're losing him .	his pulse is dropping .	1
when , what , if	its trademarks are combined with marks that have all of the common english word `` bridge '' supplemented by other signs .	0
second chances come your way .	`` arguing with her husband .	0
it could just as easilyhave happened to us .	it could have happened to us .	1
louis 's fears of poison disappeared at once .	louis ' fear of toxic food was lost in the wound .	1
yeah , all right . i tried .	i know it 'll pass , but i curse anders and cooper right now .	0
just a word ! god , i feel like a lamb waiting in line to be slaughtered .	we 're trying to tell kate not to compare everyone to chad .	0
hanging up the phone , marissa rushed from her office .	but in indonesia , the most popular metal band tengkorak has begun to publish much more controversial views .	0
`` did n't mean to do that . ''	you love max , right ?	0
you went to pius too ?	was n't he working some years ago at the last 10-year conference that took us ? ``	0
the upgrade is incomplete .	modernization is not complete .	1
back home , they 'd have put me in jail for what i 'm doing but out here , they 're giving me awards .	they would have put me in jail at home for what i do , but they give me my diplomas .	1
well , how much -- ? how much a case like this cost ?	how much is the case ?	1
but just let me tell you one thing ...	her voice was trembling and she did n't have much to cry about .	0
your weddings have been scheduled for the same date .	your wedding was booked on the same day .	1
it is important to us that accommodation of our daily needs , including energy demands , has no negative effect on the needs of future generations .	for the right couple .	0
and then when they turn out to not be the people that you think they should have been ...	and then it turns out they 're not the people you think they should be ...	1
we 've run away !	we got away !	1
in 24 hours he 'll fully regain consciousness .	within 24 hours , she regained consciousness .	1
my soul is at peace . i think ... i can go now .	courtesy of frank moses .	0
i 'm the end of theold law and the beginning of the new one .	i 'm the end of the old legal and beginning of a new one .	1
`` i see you all over the sky , i see you all over the earth . ''	it wo n't change anything .	0
i do n't understand why you think you have to deprive yourself of pleasure before you perform .	and i do n't want to look fat on the chair .	0
it may be liquid , creamy or crystallised , or in the form of honeycomb or chunk honey .	it is sold in a liquid , creamy or crystallised state , or , where appropriate , with a slice or a slice of canvas .	1
i ca n't let it go .	we can earn more if we sell it ourselves .	0
darling . - hmm ?	dunham .	0
i was so interested , you know , in your case .	if you want to whine , we 'll give it to you on your last few days .	0
checked baggage mass values are rounded to the nearest 0,5 kg figure , as appropriate .	the official also assists a member of the commission or its representatives in preparation of the rolling piles of the eif .	0
nobody will be following carter after my little fbi sting .	after my joke with the fbi , no one will be following carter .	1
mr. jingle , he be ... ... he be scared to live out in the big woods .	mr jingles should ... he should be afraid to live in the woods .	1
and i 'd know if you bring anyone along ...	there is probably a missing element or other crucial information .	0
motie faces weren ’ t evolved to send messages .	maybe a coup .	0
pat metheny is probably the best fusion player of our times .	pat metheny is probably the best jazz-rock artist of our time .	1
his name is jason ... and he 's crazy .	and he 's crazy .	1
but i do n't run .	we have to go .	0
was there a bio- threat ?	now we have to find crowley before this damn fool opens up .	0
he 's okay !	you 're okay !	1
hey ! nice choice .	great choice .	1
i do n't approve some stone and you think you can blackmail me ?	he 's looking at you .	0
we got ta keep moving .	we have to go .	1
of course , it 's even worse when she 's away from me , with you , and i ca n't see her . ''	i just dumped tcm .	0
how long have you two been seeing each other ?	how long have you been seeing him ?	1
i took his gun and stick from dean and held them out in percy 's direction .	i took the pistol and the baton from dean and headed for percy .	1
what you got to say n , motherfucker ?	robbie feinberg .	0
he clenched his eyes shut , but the shaking continued .	he 'll have this .	0
the holistic approach pursued under the telematics programme in the late 1990s has yet , however , to be universally taken up .	however , the overall way he was held in the telematics programme at the end of the 1990s was generally not yet sold .	1
louder ! `` oh , i live to be the ruler of life , not a slave . ''	i live to be the ruler of life , not his slave .	1
where is paris , flora ?	when i was chained to the rock , i realized it .	0
`` we 'd been in the mall a day or so before i realized that you 'd follow my flycycle , not me .	`` we spent a day or two on this corz before i realized you would n't follow me , but my scooter .	1
if i disappear , do not find me .	for the first time , its existence is documented by a paper from 1261 .	0
`` no . '' `` 1 am mentor to the isle witch .	`` i am the mentor and mentor of the ilse witch .	1
board title	board name	1
i 'll buy you some cigarettes , huh ?	i 'm going to jump .	0
my courage , huh ?	for your courage ?	1
grinning and laughing like a kid on his first visit to disney world .	when somebody bothers her , he 'll cut his teeth and then make him a new one .	0
amy lathered half her face with it , temporarily diminishing her facial muscles ' ability to contract .	amy has wiped out half her face , which has temporarily reduced ... ... the ability of the facial muscles to download .	1
by that time , his throat was sore and his voice hoarse .	god knows how much she had carved from those unpleasantly red mouths into the lake that washed them away .	0
3 point 4.2.5 of the guidelines , included in the part relating to ‘ aids for investments ’ , provides :	did the kids destroy your car ?	0
how did that `` happen '' ?	oh , really ?	0
win it or you'il look like a fool .	you better win or you 'll look like an idiot .	1
we ca n't go much further .	the center of the room was a small holostage for the final simulation , and behind it the great screen .	0
ten thousand .	just holding back with my little girlfriend .	0
is it so rare for me to say i 'm sorry ?	he sat a hundred feet from me , i sat on the other side .	0
and i have tried to be here for you , but this is enough , claire .	i tried to be here , but that 's too much , claire .	1
it 's still a long shot , but i 'll keep you posted .	it 's a small chance , but i 'll keep you posted .	1
it was concluded that the possibility to review the current maximum levels of nitrites should be further explored .	in conclusion , any revision of the current maximum levels of nitrite should be considered .	1
fifty years from now , people will look back and say , here , this place , is where it all began .	in 50 years , people look back to the past and say it all started here .	1
where . . . ?	discard the injection needle and discard properly .	0
it is not known if lyxumia passes into your milk .	it is not known if lyxumia is undergoing breast milk .	1
katrina crane ? - mm-hmm .	katrina crane ?	1
this was n't the time to be reminding the countess of any trifling accounting irregularities where rmaia was concerned .	it was not the time to remind the countess of minor accounting irregularities by the royal manticoran astrophysics research agency .	1
and then one day , there was a fire fight .	and one day there was a gunfight .	1
we'il take you to him .	we 'll take you to him .	1
you ca n't do this !	wait , you ca n't do this !	1
because i 'm not sure i 'm into this .	because i 'm not sure i 'm enjoying it .	1
lucas : just one strange thing .	you 're coming with us , wray .	0
gently ... four ...	his hand went through the stone , as if it were a cold mist .	0
shadwell town are promotedto the first division for the first time .	hello ? i need to speak with the man who gave me this number .	0
you lack your father 's clarity .	you lack an overview of your father .	1
i 'm the one who 's got to go to court tomorrow .	i 'm the one who goes to trial tomorrow .	1
chapter 40 n ick andros lay sleeping but not quiet on the bunk in sheriff baker 's office .	he 's the only one who made it faster .	0
( carla ) yes , sir .	yes , sir .	1
well , why should n't i ?	but there 's nothing more fluid than to compose a puzzle and find out ... ... that it still does n't make sense .	0
we nd gabriel fannincell phone records fr last night .	we need gabriel fanninga 's phone records from last night .	1
“ the key that went with the map !	i 'm sure you heard it .	0
( i65 ) kg of food waste sent to recovery operations , such as fermentation .	kilograms of food waste shipped for reuse , e.g . for ferment i66 )	1
ò new article 30 transparency and accountability 1 .	endless green mountains ,	0
re-entry into the business community would also be facilitated by matching restarters with market niches , new partners and potential investors .	a return to the business sector would also facilitate familiar restarting entrepreneurs with gaps in the market , new partners and potential investors .	1
honey , is everything all right ?	the devil did not speak with god .	0
to get me out of the way so he could get to ellie ?	so he can get to ellie 's ?	1
`` i 'm positive that she 's not , '' garion said firmly .	with people like julian crest , you ca n't just come to talk .	0
human sacrifice makes me uncomfortable .	human sacrifice does not do me well .	1
i 've just been wracking my brains , you know , trying to come up with something original .	ca n't be serious ?	0
your dad 's a dick , wells . then those crimes will be forgiven . your records wiped clean .	those crimes will be forgiven and your records erased .	1
the purpose of legal counselling is to enable victims to be informed and receive advice about the various possibilities open to them .	legal aid is to enable victims to access information and ensure that they receive advice about the various options available to them .	1
you good ? - no .	they 're for kids !	0
he considered it , as he was in the habit of considering what slipped from him .	i 'll get the wine and meet you there .	0
we have been exploring the possibility of medication .	we were thinking about the possibility of medication treatment .	1
send postcard - la flotte en ré	what kind of poison did he live ?	0
wo n't lucien be surprised !	this will be lucien surprised .	1
the next thing i was aware of was the soft pinging of the hospital paging system and the rattle of the breakfast carts out in the corridor .	the next thing i remember was the clinching of a hospital bell and rapping carriages with breakfast in the hallway .	1
you can let go of the brake .	you can put the brake off !	1
what 's the name ? swan .	what name ?	1
he designed this and supervised every inch of it .	visibility is dropping .	0
sweetheart , not so fast with the chow .	as he signs it will be over .	0
he had won his money through an act of half-mad bravado , but the secret of its origin was safe with him .	he gained his money through a half-mad gamble , but their origin was hidden deep within him .	1
so ... ... am i going to live ?	who would n't be .	0
hm ! making a habit of it , are n't you ?	do you want me to hold you ?	0
guy sells me a piece of shit fucking phone .	circumstantial evidence .	0
oh , god !	he recorded the accident .	0
i was so struck by it that i said it aloud in the helicopter .	i was a fighter who dreamed of bringing peace .	0
it 's right around here .	it 's in here somewhere .	1
yeah , no curfews , no ultimatums . no befriending the enemy behind my back .	look at me !	0
aw shit , you ca n't finish any way .	you ca n't do any fucking thing !	1
i thought that haji was killing you .	i thought he was gon na kill you .	1
way to go , ty !	those things in the car fell into what they thought happened .	0
out on the palace grounds the sounds of fighting intensified .	what about the girl ?	0
you 're gon na schedule miss remar next week for the veneer . right ?	i mean , if i remember .	0
then they take your picture for the yearbook , so everyone can see we look like a couple of idiots .	it 's from `` la bamba , '' what ?	0
well , i 'm happy to see you 've finally decided to conform..	i 'm glad to see you 've finally made up your mind .	1
i can -- i can not .	shit means i 'm an existing shit-hole until death do us part .	0
hey , you 're the one with perfect kids .	and you have perfect kids .	1
have you ever had the bad mumps ?	that 's why we have to spend time together .	0
sign , uh , there , there , and there .	he pounded the steering wheel , over and over .	0
the point is , ladies and gentlemen , that greed , for lack of a better word , ... ... is good .	the truth is , ladies and gentlemen , that greed , i do n't really know a better word , is good .	1
'cause it 's a big day for us and i wanted you to feel included .	because it 's a big day for us , and i wanted you to feel excluded .	1
http : //r.office.microsoft.com/r/rlidspsonwss ? clid=en-us	it 's not such a bad system .	0
come on , we got ta get you two out of here .	he will make the big one even stronger and speed up the entire apocalyptic end of the world .	0
you 've just been a supporting player this whole time .	you were just a side player the whole time .	1
oh , my god . you 're totally inspired by it .	oh , my god .	1
whether it 's to report a pothole at the top of your street or lies in a state of the union address , speak out !	whether it 's a report of a hole on your road or a lie in the state of the union .	1
now i need a costume .	i need suits .	1
hlavoun krátkotělý	the earth shook like an earthquake .	0
let the games begin .	your shoes .	0
they exist .	but he now doubted that eloise was really ready for loss .	0
you 're safe , i promise .	there 's gyroscopes there , combs with compressed air but all of these things are used to get started , right ?	0
anything on the credit card ?	i just came by to say hi , benny .	0
i 'll be back in a minute !	i 've got you .	0
you mean you pull a watch out and make him cluck like a chicken ?	we need soldiers like lieutenant colonel lumbrezer ...	0
her nipples were hardened to a painful state and her stomach and groin were awash in damp heat .	her nipples were painfully tense , and her stomach and groin were sore .	1
he was the one i was thinking about .	he was who i thought he was .	1
hey , you yeah !	hey !	1
the addition of new eu members implies that more internal differences will occur , which means that fewer centralized policies are justified .	adopting new countries into the european union will bring even more internal differences , meaning that there will be even less centralized policies .	1
collect the filtrates in vials ( 5.8 ) .	not allowed shoes , too many phosflourescents , it 's blinding my players !	0
javier say .	the angels are advancing , sir .	0
wash all you want . the lies are n't coming off .	you do n't wash the lies .	1
his hands began to tremble .	the link between easter island and egypt 's pyramids , so timeless , is not possible .	0
divide it by 3 -- and then where is pi ?	do n't you think it might be useful to know what he 's done to him ?	0
no , we do n't exactly do nothing .	not that we do anything .	1
so what 's the protocol ?	yeah , so what does the protocol say ? what do we do ?	1
thank you .	yes , thank you , my dear .	0
ed : okay , so coffee .	in support of n192 / 97 , the commission approved employment support for smes for a maximum of 25 % of the wage costs .	0
( gossip girl ) careful , v. do n't send out your invitations just yet . we hear another girl has her eyes on the prize .	he 's trying to avoid a disgusting doughnut made by my wife .	0
you 're supposed to say thank you . 'enk you .	thank you .	1
i 've heard that mainframe computers can be built with a volume as small as a cubic micron .	they took the ring !	0
i was getting into position so that we could be lifted up into the air .	`` he who took the falling star ... such a carefree man , your heart is mine . ''	0
i did n't see you draw one from your quiver .	if you do n't , i will .	0
yeah . i had to visit a friend .	yes , i went to see my friend .	1
when i got up there , there was 12 other women just sitting there in some kind of stupor .	`` this is crazy !	0
that 's a pretty quick turnaround . that 's all the markings of a serial killer .	it has all the hallmarks of a serial killer .	1
`` tonight before i sleep , if you will .	i really need an opener .	0
and for that we must spend time together	he should have taken the money .	0
( b ) the average size of trades ;	in fact , the only thing that was not found guilty was what they were most guilty of .	0
how interesting .	we 'll always go dancing .	0
then lawrence forgot everything else ; for his probe hit an obstacle , fifteen meters down .	but at that moment lawrence dropped everything from his mind , as his probe hit an obstacle at a depth of fifteen meters .	1
are you all right ? - i 'm fine .	yeah , i 'm fine .	1
i told you to shut it down !	you 've always come home after this .	0
but on the whole they looked satisfied .	but they looked happy .	1
no matches found .	no matching items found .	1
and i 'm the one that always brings the weed and shit .	and it 's me who always draws the grass and shit like that .	1
you do n't know .	you do n't understand .	1
as he walked off , he heard his name called .	`` no one loses the loss of friends as painfully as i do .	0
you have to change the idea behind limitless expansion .	you have to change the reasoning behind the boundless expansion .	1
you are not .	he 's with the fbl .	0
i 'm leaving tomorrow have to go back to the states	`` put mr. thorn in jail .	0
oh , hey , artie .	the intention was to simplify the multi-annual financial framework programmes in favour of beneficiaries of eu funds .	0
- setting-up and inauguration on 7 april of the 131-member national consultative council , 20 members of which were from the two political groupings .	you better hide .	0
it would be tragic to be wearing the wrong shoes when you meet the right guy .	it could be a tragedy , put on bad shoes ... ... when you meet the right guy .	1
if you want me to work , i 'll work .	our technicians	0
heads down !	keep your head down !	1
mostly to scare my parents you know , the devil stuff .	all right .	0
sea dragons seldom venture far from home .	sea dragons rarely take travel further away from their homes .	1
why would you want to go back to that dirty little town ?	why would you go back to that damn town ?	1
identification of interview type	identification of chat type	1
well , let 's see if today we can get by without the indigestion tablets .	and you 're at 100 % ?	0
i owe this guy one .	i owe him something .	1
enables automatic resizing based on font size for single-line edit controls .	little credit for her good deeds .	0
look at the fucking mess you made .	look at this mess .	1
do n't be suspicious of her alright ?	i do n't like you at all .	0
oh , that did it .	but i do n't want to .	0
the gogolak gang ! the hungarian gang back in chicago that ran the north side ?	blow his brains out !	0
`` whenever you 're ready , '' he said .	`` we 'll go when you want , '' he said .	1
wall of crazy .	a wall of madness ?	1
martin ! what ?	-v , .. .set = , -- variable = jméno = value sets the psql variable 'name ' to 'value '	0
yes , or of the roof falling in .	yes , or the ceiling will fall .	1
the little boy they had found in ctuchik 's grim turret ran beside him with the orb of aldur clasped tightly to his little chest .	the male penguins have not eaten for months , and they have only one other as protection against gale force .	0
hair loss back pain kidney failure , blood in the urine , changes in blood tests of kidney function	- knowledge - headache - back pain - renal failure , urine , blood in urine , kidney function changes	1
you know -- graduations , birthday parties .	you know ... educational , birthday parties .	1
you 're gon na lose him again .	`` what about the baby ? '' quaisoir asked him .	0
kulgan sat next to him .	just ... what i had in mind is that i really appreciate everything that you ...	0
thank you , miss officer i really appreciate it	helmholtz walked alone to his car , thinking of love , and his hands ached from a heavy first prize .	0
but that gown was extraordinary , and reached almost to the ground .	and it 's teeth , just teeth , and nothing else .	0
it is incredibly high .	it 's really high .	1
i 'm afraid i 'm not as warm as the men that you must be accustomed to .	i 'm afraid she 's not as warm as the one you 're accustomed to .	1
`` watermeloney '' .	well , they did n't really write anything .	0
what a laugh !	i do n't know .	0
i 'm not about to mooch off my own son .	it caught in the propeller of the fishing boat when it returned .	0
you guys looking to rent a unit ?	do you see him ?	0
arthur never knew how deeply he loved her .	but arthur never realized how fervently he loved her .	1
when we have simon back , you will return it to me .	when you 're with simon again , you 'll give it to me .	1
that makes you a faerie princess .	that makes you a fairy princess .	1
she 's got a teleport , that 's cheating !	he was struck by the light of several lamps , over which he switched bits of red transparent cloth , and about twenty candles .	0
the opposition candidate won a sweeping victory with a mandate for democracy and a fresh start across the board .	the balance-led man had hidden his reaction by inviting him to the table with an exaggerated bow .	0
do you know the people there ?	i guess i 'm just not a person who likes dogs .	0
i made a funny face in the mirror , i wanted to show it to her .	no dessert like keira knightley .	0
he was obviously checking her out .	he was obviously tapping her .	1
you 're not gon na let me see jared again .	you found someone who killed the dragon lady .	0
if your husband meant for you to have access , your thumbprint would be on file .	there 's a possibility that we have returned it to the wrong person .	0
you know , you knew the ss decontrol guys , you could always borrow their gear .	all their calls are targeting their tiny surrogate parents .	0
how do you like our island 's light , mister lovell ?	what do they say ?	0
on the floor , facedown !	what ?	0
that condition does not seem to be fulfilled as between the mark ‘ bainbridge ’ and ponte finanziaria ’ s registered marks .	that condition does not appear to be satisfied between the trade mark bainbridge and the registered trademarks of ponte finanziaria .	1
and all the other guys were either married or multiple offenders , so nobody has my back on this one .	search results are protected by freedom of expression .	0
you 're absolutely certain ?	you sure ?	1
it must be effective for a greater number of years , and at the same time not hamper further technological developments .	remember , happiness comes only once .	0
coldly , kitiara considered his plan , looking at it carefully from all angles .	she considered his plan coldly , keeping an eye on him from all angles .	1
is that what led you west in the first place ? ''	the job is because i asked him to .	0
but my pulse is beating , too !	but my pulse is fast too !	1
it also had doubts as to whether mtu had been selected on the basis of a procedure comparable to an open call for tenders .	who was ro supposed to meet at 9 : 30 ?	0
i 'm -- i 'm sorry . your what ?	it 's okay .	0
because i was obviously more than a pawn in this game .	because it was obvious i was n't just a pawn in this lot .	1
i started out wanting a pretty face and a ready laugh to fill this echoing place , i 'll not deny it .	it 's my boy 's birthday today , so i 'm buying him a super present .	0
abraham 's skin was 6shbelly white .	abraham had skin as white as a fish belly .	1
how long are they gon na have to burn the engine ?	the mistake is mine , just as it is on your side .	0
so , either she fell or ... - eh , how about we start with the current situation ?	we had the bad luck of being the kids of a poor woodpecker .	0
so in case the first curse was broken , a fail-safe was built in by the person who cursed him .	so if the first curse was broken , an insurance policy was created by the man who cursed him .	1
time remains only for improvisation-an art not well approved in the five galaxies , we are told .	time is only for us to improvise - which is the art not very popular in the five galaxies , as we were told .	1
2009 18:09 , week 24 ( even )	2009 19 : 00 , week 24 ( even )	1
the usual . no dreams .	rewriting , reducing noise , stabilizing the image as well as color corrections are under way for the most stringent checks in a single workplace .	0
if you 're lying there because of my dark passenger ... ... i promise you , my dark passenger will make amends .	if this is what my dark passenger has caused you , i promise you will bear the consequences .	1
don ’ t be scared	but if you have to , will you help me fight for tom and our baby ?	0
ere he could stagger to his feet the sikh was upon him , and buried his knife twice in his side .	before he could stand , sikh lunged at him , thrusting a knife into his hip .	1
why am i always apologizing about who i am ?	why do you still apologize for who i am ?	1
there was a guy here looking for him too .	there was a man looking for him this morning too .	1
he gestured at haplo .	he pointed at haplo .	1
subject | regulatory act reference	it 's terrible .	0
i 'm not .	i do n't have it .	1
put both your hands on the desk , palms down .	yes , i can promise you will never see their tribe again. ``	0
i think avery 's down .	i think avery got it .	1
when you 're close , i 'll have someone meet you and guide you there .	only an overgrown pack like you can do something so stupid .	0
i get so lonely , if you only knew how sad it is .	if i 'm asleep , it 's over with me .	0
yeah , like we need 100 paper turkeys all around the house .	it 's like we need 100 paper turkeys .	1
what ïyou fucking want ?	what the fuck do you want ?	1
in fact , it would have to be the fabu- bus `` space drive '' people have been talking about for two hundred years .	it must really be the `` cosmic drive '' that people have been talking about for two hundred years. ``	1
albertina ...	well , that must have upset you when dave took it out on you .	0
eleanor : taxation ?	hippy , what the hell are you doing ?	0
and to me , that is worth an extra 5 % .	and i 'll give you 5 % extra for that .	1
can you please tell me where the inn is ?	they died and died as men .	0
just before aimee comes on stage , only eloise comes out from the backstage area .	for me the game should be simple .	0
don ’ t go !	do n't go !	1
yeah , but we should beseeing two of them .	you see all these beautiful fake tits ?	0
yum ! exactly what i wanted .	mr. scott , here 's a grenade from the phone company .	0
i was hoping to head into town tonight .	i was hoping i could get into town today .	1
why did you do that ?	why were you there ?	1
no , sir , we 've cut it to the bone already .	yeah , there 's a switch on the wall .	0
my mom got it .	all mining rights are for the next nine years .	0
his students endeavoured to complete their homework assignments , and there was little dissension during lessons .	`` it 's happening ! ''	0
val 's perfect .	get out .	0
so luminous !	so bright .	1
by accepting it ... ... it makes you stronger .	hello , dr. mercer .	0
jack grinned .	jack smiled .	1
in the round 's centre rose sawark 's keep , a hexagonal tower of cut limestone three storeys high .	about his life , the job , everything that happened after he went to the insurance company to borrow money against your policymaker .	0
everyone gaping and shouting :	naturally , everyone stares and chorus shouts :	1
he came to see mr. kinnear .	he came to see mr kinnon .	1
talk to you later .	'i 'd like to finish what i once started , my friend , 'said conn .	0
gracias , san pedro .	thank you , saint peter .	1
you seem to have a lot to say about how we should raise our children .	what is he doing , attacking ?	0
torpedoes and anti-aircraft canons , sir .	john summers was the best agent in the middle east .	0
`` if baku was just a layover , the harpooner is probably long gone , '' thomas said .	the canal does n't exist .	0
we made love that night , and again after that .	he 'll be all right , wo n't he ?	0
he turned and started back toward the id room .	he turned and started back .	1
i hope it will make amends for my failure in raetia . '	oh , but , weasley senior .	0
is ... is it too spicy ?	for the truth , sir .	0
fresh eggs , we had a bumper lay .	fresh eggs .	1
ok , i need you to come back to the building .	all right , i need you to come inside now .	1
far from the heart , organs started to die .	his children in white robes stood beside him in the wagon , or rode on horseback .	0
i called you when i heard about your grandma .	i called you when i heard about your wife .	1
your heart is full .	your heart is bursting .	1
what if he was held captive in a turkish prison ?	what if he really was in jail ?	1
yeah , i talked to sow .	but until then , whatever i 'm doing is not a waste of time , it leads somewhere .	0
i know that would be very upsetting .	i know it would be too disturbing .	1
are you the owner of this farm ?	quarter past eleven	0
also funded were specific modules exercises , aimed at training modules likely to meet in a real emergency .	we should find out who they were having dinner with .	0
i ca n't believe it . i 'm losing to a rug .	do you want to go down , on a wet job ? ``	0
-the stolen journals as he dressed for his first morning of fish speaker command , idaho tried to shake off a nightmare .	stolen journals when idaho dressed in his first shot in the service of the fish speakers , he tried to forget the ugly dream .	1
is there someone in the van with you ?	is anyone else in the van ?	1
`` ok , smart guy , we 're listening , '' blake said .	`` so listening , genius , '' blake said .	1
decoy . in position ?	bait , are you in position ?	1
this state of affairs is clearly damaging for all stakeholders , especially in areas that are of such significance for unleashing the potential of a data-driven economy .	this has a clear negative impact on all stakeholders and in particular areas that are very important for the full development of data-based economy .	1
and what did they say ?	what did they tell him ?	1
it 's all a matter of knowing how and when a mother 's womb changes its chemical composition .	they have connections everywhere : with the department of defense , the cia ... and maybe the fbi .	0
it 's so good to see you .	i 'm glad to see you .	1
keep goin ' .	okay , keep going .	1
there , negative becomes positive and a virus becomes an antidote .	negative there becomes a positive and antitoxin .	1
is he always like that ? who , him ?	is he always acting like that ?	1
got it ! - angels advancing , sir .	i thought you were ruth wilcox .	0
the man smiled in her general direction .	the man smiled , roughly in her direction .	1
and guess who he married ?	and guess who ?	1
need bodies , need guns .	imagine being an economist in 1929	0
member states may restrict the scope of this right of option and shall fix the details of its use . ’	i have an e-mail to send .	0
so sodium hydroxide na plus oh minus , it looks almost exactly the same .	sodium hydroxide , na + a oh- , looks almost the same .	1
oh ... i would n't say that .	oh ... i would n't .	1
i was so groggy i could n't see .	i was so dazed , i could barely see .	1
and you 're targeting mine .	and yours is mine .	1
the woman who captures his heart would never want for anything , even if she had ten lives to live . '	the woman who gains his heart will never be short- even if she lives ten lives. ``	1
honey , i never asked you --	honey , i did n't ask you ...	1
there will be blood , it might be yours so go kill someone . signed , bad horse .	there will be blood , it can be yours , so go and kill someone .	1
you are it .	article 29 waste , subject to different types of notifications , shall not be permitted during transport .	0
watch it , sarge ! -come on .	look out , sarge !	1
he said ... ... he would crawl on his hands and knees ... ... to beg your majesty 's forgiveness .	they 're coming !	0
they want it to end .	a hundred quid on cavendish in the quarter-finals .	0
since we are currently short exactly one interesting patient , we are gon na figure out what really happened to buddy ebsen in 1938 .	we finally ran into one interesting patient , so we 'll find out what really happened to buddy ebsen in 1938 .	1
1. a base 50 mm square , this dimension being equal to nominal dimension ‘ a ’ in the original ;	1. the basic square on page 50 mm ; this dimension is equal to the nominal dimension and the base model ;	1
please , let 's just go .	and in everything that 's going on here , i can never forget that .	0
to deliver on the post-2015 agenda , all countries should put in place appropriate policies that will allow them to implement the sdgs according to their respective capabilities .	to deliver the post-2015 agenda , all countries should implement appropriate policies that enable them to implement the sustainable development goals by their capabilities .	1
i 'd like to ask you a few questions .	sharpe , ross .	0
maybe it 's the journalist in me ... ... or that i realized , if you have a gift , you should n't turn your back on it .	maybe there 's a journalistic soul in me , or i 've become aware that if you have a gift , you need to use it .	1
i was too tired to think of anything much but bed – not even jesse .	you have to believe , my love .	0
nothing remained secret .	`` but by the time the stripper was killed , he was in a television studio with you . ''	0
is there a problem ? - yeah .	his skin was already numb , his mind numbed by the situation in which he found himself .	0
why is it you can see ray and i ca n't ?	how do you see ray and i ca n't ?	1
of those people , did anyone have a problem with sid ?	i could easily believe that ...	0
do you even have any cleaning products ?	do you even have any detergent ?	1
you comfortable , you piece of shit ?	are you happy , you son of a bitch ?	1
there has to be a little terrace so that we can have breakfast alone .	in particular , elizabeth could give him a direct order if she wanted .	0
in order to overcome these obstacles , businesses often provide for non-disclosure agreements in their contracts with their employees or sub-contractors .	to overcome these obstacles , they integrate businesses into contracts with employees , and subcontractors often do a confidentiality agreement .	1
rap is coming back home to the south . - yeah , man .	rap goes back to the south .	1
easa establishment plan ‘ category and grade 2005 ( authorised )	to thank you for your cooperation , we 'll save your life .	0
whatever you need .	i need something warm , or i 'm not going to spend my meal .	0
but i know he was really named after a famous 19th century ballet dancer .	my ... my husband recently left .	0
your mother is up the store .	during a snowstorm .	0
the lady is also his muscle .	the lady is also his bodyguard .	1
oh , hi , i 'm sorry .	i 'm sorry .	1
no shepherdess , but flora ... ... this your sheep-shearing , is as a meeting of the petty gods ... ... and you the queen o n't .	no shepherd , but flora ... ... this cutting of sheep is like a meeting with merciful gods ... ... and you 're their queen .	1
“ with sir henry tomlinson , sir , in grosvenor square . ”	a couple of months ago , i found out i had a twin .	0
i 've heard that before it was ... it was hey !	steve , the jamaican 's going crazy .	0
i mean , your room is still there .	you still got your room .	1
you have to grab .	you have to gain .	1
never managed to care for me .	that 's my phone .	0
that does n't sound exactly right .	it does n't sound like that .	1
if i was n't her child , i would 've liked her . i mean , she was funny and intense .	you know , i kind of think if i was n't her daughter , i would have liked her .	1
`` i 'm anxious to wash the stink of the dirty tleilaxu off me . ''	baby !	0
it is you , right ? !	is that you ?	1
therefore do not stop taking edarbi without first talking to your doctor about alternative treatment options .	therefore , do not stop using it without prior consulting your doctor for other treatments .	1
it 's their holiday home but they never come .	you 'll find the route details in this folder .	0
they 'll average about forty-five dollars a month . '	the average is forty-five dollars a month. ``	1
let 's get this straight . i 'm the boss and you 're the employee .	we 'll be bigger than ...	0
oh , you mean about the air-conditioning ?	you mean the air conditioner ?	1
we have cleared the borer units of ants .	we cleared the ants ' shafts .	1
you never had any communication with him ?	maybe there 's something else to be done , jessie .	0
they ca n't shed blood in their sacred city .	excellent , i like that , okay .	0
i thought his door was locked .	could you order miss remarova for next week ?	0
( laughs ) you 're not going to make me say all the stuff i learned from you now , are you ?	satan 's humor was good .	0
it keeps little pugsley 's octopus awake .	pugsley 's octopus ca n't sleep .	1
when the situation changes we 'll let you know .	you knew it was n't right , and you let go .	0
i 'm sure he just went off to look for a nice ... mud hole to cool down in .	the emperor is betting that you will be in her lead. ``	0
you were never alone .	it 's impossible . you were n't alone .	1
infeld : my chances of siring any more offspring are practically nil since that bull trampled on my left stone in pamplona .	my chances of spawning other descendants are virtually nil since the bull in pamplona stamped on my left testicle .	1
i robbed banks .	bank robbery .	1
which is why she 's needed here .	that 's why we need her here .	1
she has this message for you ... in answer to the answer you will make .	he 's sending you this message to answer your questions .	1
there , it 's gone .	maxine , it 's time to get up .	0
through a door , through a short hallway with a crowd of courthouse clerks gathered at one end gawking at him .	now a short corridor , in which a crowd of lawmakers gathered at one end , was staring at him .	1
`` miss lotta leadpipe . '' brutal :	you 're trembling .	0
paul and maryanne found a house up where they are that they like even better than the one in bedford hills .	he tortures people !	0
or did he ?	you 'd tell your wife to stay	0
`` ah , you 've come from the north , have you , archmagus ? ''	they 're my friends they 're stupid bitches to look after themselves !	0
but i have never had the use of my legs , so i have grown accustomed to my condition . '	but i never used my feet , so i sort of got used to it. ``	1
they 're both here .	in this context , there is a decisive shift to significantly higher and more inclusive global growth of the dalek security .	0
old fashioned , indeed .	really old-fashioned .	1
so , you want somebody rubbed out ?	so , you want to liquidate someone ?	1
no ! go !	the worst places .	0
hi , ladies ... i take care of business .	hello , ladies ...	1
i forgot the u.s. country code , but then i remembered it 's number one .	i forgot the pre-election to the united states , but then i remembered it was the one .	1
she was once a very famous adult-film star .	she was once a famous star of pornographic films .	1
unless it was planted .	`` you do n't have to be angry now , '' boillard told seeton , stepping back .	0
well , if it 's not meaningless sex , kinda screams out for an end game .	no one knows i 'm here .	0
feeling of weakness .	and sometimes not . )	0
ok , alright , now you 're creeping me out . - i 'm steve . - alice .	okay , okay , now you 're scaring me .	1
hell , kid . i 'm amazed you 're still breathing .	for days i 've been worried about the only good deed , -	0
she 's a model , believe it or not , and a thumping bore .	when he read them , he smiled .	0
dad , come on .	daddy , please .	1
a moment later , a voice spoke quietly from the air immediately in front of him .	a moment later , one voice came out of the space just ahead of him .	1
it is mainly used as a pre-planting fertiliser for arable crops , which require uan usually in the spring time .	they are mainly used to fertilise the soil before planting crops , which require dilution and ammonium nitrate solutions , usually in spring periods .	1
`` the founder of the yomesh cult ? ''	'founder of yomesh cult ? '	1
we 'll be needing your compass , though .	whatever there was , we woke up .	0
eat .	okay , i 'll eat .	1
the man said :	the man said .	1
we may never get a chance like this again .	this may never happen again .	1
i just wanted to see you someplace other than school .	no , they 're just on vacation , but they 've never been here .	0
the corresponding methods currently included in annex iv to regulation ( ec ) no 606/2009 should be deleted .	the relevant methods listed in annex iv to regulation ( ec ) no 606 / 2009 should be repealed .	1
take it , you 're done , you 're done .	then he moved away so she could get dressed .	0
listen , i 'm here to see dick jones .	i 'm going to see dick jones .	1
`` no children , '' orb repeated numbly .	`` he ca n't have children , '' orb said absently .	1
`` a man could take his long ease here . ''	`` one could long rest here . ''	1
increases elasticity , makes pigeons dance .	an increase in elasticity , dancing pigs .	1
he missed them all as well , especially katie .	i remember when you left my door .	0
the application of the rules of the directive as it stands in the event of the sale of a vessel would have a substantial financial impact .	and yet she thought they were missing something .	0
my cells are regenerating .	my cells regenerate .	1
not ifit 's raining .	not while it 's raining .	1
number five is a waste , don ’ t spend your money on plastic like that .	number five is garbage . it 's a waste of money .	1
it 's tight again , but i can get through .	it 's narrow again , but i 'll pass through .	1
she 's also very generous , and i think she 'll do quite a bit better by you than a little spare change .	a little dick ?	0
cook 's wagon at best .	with the kitchen , at best .	1
the king 's shilling , sharpe .	a royal shaming , sharpe .	1
bodies lay strewn in the streets , dotted with black shapes .	a few bodies , covered with black spots , lay limp on the street .	1
amendments to these rules shall be adopted only if they secure the votes of a majority of the component members of parliament .	for the adoption of amendments to the rules of procedure , the votes of a majority of all members of parliament are needed .	1
this was a little like saying so-long to the head of your local church as he started up the ladder to see god .	but now it really hurts .	0
listen , is suitcase there ?	arin sat on the ground and looked a little dazed .	0
you 're under suspicion .	you 're a suspect .	1
that 's right .	`` we must n't forget that , though it is a weak comfort . ''	0
no , it 's kevin .	no , i 'm kevin .	1
did daddy give you a talking to ?	did your father give you a speech ?	1
rotors are configured to maneuver between buildings without recirculation .	how he 'd like to give her love and tenderness , but he ca n't .	0
it also provides for a european agency to be set up to coordinate the work of national regulators .	in addition , it provides for the creation of a european agency for the coordination of the activities of the national regulatory authorities .	1
yeah . - my mother was a teacher . - for real ?	i would have felt foolish myself .	0
entreri did not blink ; his sword flared , as if reflecting his simmering pride and anger .	you spent six years in prison for manslaughter ?	0
you 're the greatest , but you 're unknown , except in poland .	you both have a beautiful voice .	0
what 's cricket ?	what is it ?	1
we got to be fucking triceps , biceps , r-ceps hard !	we 've got to be fucking tough , like biceps , triceps and other glasses !	1
that goes in deeper than i thought .	have some respect .	0
you 're my ... thirteenth ride .	you 're my ... ... 13-year-old ride .	1
looking .	i 'm looking .	1
man , i 'm so glad we came around to your idea ,	man , i 'm really glad we reconsidered your idea	1
be gentle , son .	be gentle with him .	1
if you do that , then you will be… what will it arrive to you ! ?	this development is mainly instrumental in the use of synergies in innovation and technology ;	0
'oh no , ' said hermione , looking relieved , 'if you 're going that means i can go too , without being rude .	`` no , '' said hermione , who fell out of her heart , `` if you go , i can go too , without being rude .	1
well , you know the deal , kitten .	but keep it down , mr. king .	0
nathan bought it from linderman and had it shipped here .	no , no , no .	0
i wants to talk to these people , and that 's free .	and as such , it will prove that saddam is building a nuclear bomb .	0
`` ah , but these pictures are not for public display . ''	`` but the images wo n't be exposed to the public . ''	1
that , and i was pretending the targets were the cast of `` glee . ''	that , and i pretended the targets were actors from `` glee . ''	1
no , i think i 'm gon na stay back he .	no , i think i 'll stay the last .	1
looking at her was like looking at a dirty mirror which has been wiped clean .	`` you think you will succeed without her . ''	0
is that so surprising ?	according to my calculations , and from time to time ...	0
we have prepared a bunch of bull , to be taken to the slaughterhouse .	a herd of cows to a slaughterhouse to prepare .	1
sharpe ross	we do n't have much food .	0
they buried him in the family plot ... ... where he would be with them when their time came .	they buried him in the family grave once they were together .	1
my great-grandmother used to tell it when she was alive .	my great-grandmother told me when she was still alive .	1
liet the rest go .	the current selection is a text field in the group .	0
i do n't wan na blow it this time .	i do n't want to go wrong this time .	1
you 've just lost touch with it , but you can find it again . ''	you 've only lost contact with her , but you 'll find her again. ``	1
they 'll be free , george , that 's what will become of them .	that does n't make him a killer .	0
the nozzles in their plastic packages were folded inward and the propellant sloshed gently when moved .	the nozzles in plastic packaging were heading in , and when they moved , they gently splashed fuel in them .	1
that is very thoughtful of you ...	that 's very kind of you ...	1
there 's no time to eat !	you 'll miss your appointment at 2 : 00 .	0
go back to the village and warn others .	chronic fatigue , loss of muscle control , headache , nausea , loss of memory , bad breathing , brain cancer .	0
still rostov was quick to express his own and his army 's formal thanks .	still , rostov gave him his own and formal thanks .	1
you 're thor odinson !	in my love and hope , however , i implore you : do n't fire heroes in your baggy saints three-time top of your story !	0
i really think we made the right choice with the dress .	i did it for weeks , but they put me back on track .	0
huh . well , well , you finally find something you 're good at , hatcher .	list of kms v1 server certificates	0
it 's your choice .	alicia .	0
relax .	twenty dollars ?	0
no -- the diagnosian pronounced her dead .	and for this torment you wander the night on horseback ?	0
but there 's , uh , still a preponderance of evidence against him .	but there 's still the overwhelming evidence against him .	1
i brooded about what christmas would be like for little devlin acquilain without his mother .	i imagined how he would probably experience the christmas of little devlin acquilain , who stayed without his mother .	1
walton would n't tell us .	the authority noted , inter alia , that agdestein 's second report also had some changes and adjustments to previous valuations .	0
somebody 's paid ya .	i remember only being very poor .	0
that might be it , but i do n't think so .	yes , ilsa , what is it ?	0
or they 'll break our bones .	this process , somewhat tight , has already begun in kosovo .	0
this survey has not been activated . there are no results to browse .	well , i 'm getting acquainted , you know , with vegetables ...	0
i 'd hoped you 'd be able to see through her .	what about my kidney ... ?	0
that 's one , two , three . . .	from all sides , he was pointing fingers at him .	0
you guys , two , three , or four of you are out ... ... because i did n't say , `` simon says. ``	i swear , if i get a letter from your lawyer , the press will get the images from your computer , i said .	0
what do you say ' 56 ?	`` you wanted to vote , clem , so what 's your point ? '' beth asked .	0
the addition of hydrogen turns them into nadh and fadh2 , respectively .	the addition of hydrogen will change to nadh and fadh2 .	1
lock the door behind me , okay ?	you 're a good boy , moran .	0
i think the person you need protection from is you .	i think you need to protect yourself from yourself .	1
a little too much .	a little .	1
i 'm no longer a child and i yearn for the truth that you know	you do n't have to explain .	0
my success in business allows me to give back to the community .	clinton gilmour .	0
you 're doing it for me , is all you need to know .	that 's the crown , and that 's probably ...	0
| jad	| | | tac	1
i 'll give you every blessed thing i can ... ... because i know you'il use it .	i 'll join you later .	0
and i want my kiss right on my nose .	a piece of cork .	0
she at first was amused by these questions , but his determination made her wonder .	you have started to have a stomach ache or you have a problem with digestion such as vomiting , feeling full , gassy , especially after meals .	0
that 's when i bumped into luke .	that 's where i ran into luke .	1
mm , how romantic .	how romantic .	1
entry into force of the ied is expected for the end of 2010 and its implementation by the member states from the end of 2012 onwards .	the industrial emissions directive is expected to come into force at the end of 2010 , and member states should start implementing it since the end of 2012 .	1
`` the key is to allow yourself to make the journey .	light and tender as a crystal bell .	0
abel was n't talking to god .	you obviously do n't agree , and i do n't want to argue with you .	0
why , jack , then ‘ tis your death song i ’ il be playing .	why , jack , i 'll play you a song of the dead .	1
if this is a challenge , name the time and place !	in addition , the notified body may carry out an unexpected inspection in the case of the applicants concerned .	0
i told you , you could n't trust him . he 's gone .	the man who stood next to charlie stared at his companion , then stopped pointing at charlie 's head for a moment .	0
what 's wrong , mommy ? .	launch the number one missile . time to hit 15 .	0
uh-huh . well , we 're here to help .	we 're here to help .	1
my man !	you 've decided to fight me ?	0
i 'm not schitz , proserpina .	i 'm not schizophrenic , proserpina .	1
-you do n't smoke ?	you smoke ?	1
`hey ! morgan ! '	`` hey , morgan ! ''	1
check in the back . carl ?	but is she okay ?	0
tegan : if i press that button , it could be the console room we jettison !	if i pull this button , we might need a console room !	1
( 34 ) article 12 of directive 95/46/ec and articles 13 to 18 of regulation ( ec ) no 45/2001 .	article 12 of directive 95 / 46 / ec and articles 13 to 18 of regulation ( ec ) no 45 / 2001 .	1
what sort of possibilities ?	it does n't disappear for three hours so i do n't run into my ex-wife .	0
not that we know what a trail looks like .	givens assumed that some might argue that he could only do it because he was such a flat , boring personality without imagination .	0
no breakpoint for brachyspira hyodysenteriae has been established .	no reference value has been established for brachycardia hyodysenteriae .	1
i remember everything . -where are you ?	the aim is for dialogue and persuasion to support policies that are good for all member countries - and for non-member countries .	0
how 's it hanging , padre ?	so how 'd the padre get you ?	1
let her have a short rest .	let her rest for a minute .	1
understand something , lydia .	you have to understand , lydia .	1
when i went to joshua 's the other day , his side was all bandaged up .	when i came the next day to joshua , it was all over .	1
yhi manufacturing ( shanghai ) co. , ltd .	yhi manufacturing ( shanghai )	1
i would go to a museum .	if i want an image , i 'll go to the museum .	1
who 's `` ydna '' ?	`` this belongs to the past , '' orb said , puzzled .	0
oh , what 's to become of my son ?	what can only be made of my son ?	1
so , dead , that 's 500 .	tell me , granny .	0
`` your highness knows that all the population of irkutsk may be relied on , '' said general voranzoff .	`` your majesty knows that you can count the men with the help of all the irish population , '' general voransov replied .	1
the emergence of the g20 as the forum of choice for the promotion of global economic and financial governance reform raises the stakes for the euro area .	the emergence of the g-20 as another forum in support of global economic and financial reforms is building new challenges ahead of the euro area .	1
`` are n't you going to marry her when you grow up , garraty ?	`` do n't you want to take it when you grow up , garraty ?	1
you transferred outta homicide to fiu .	they took you from homicide to fiu .	1
to me ... i think that ...	i think for me ... i feel like he 's thinking ...	1
not like that .	no , no , not like that .	1
your district ? to do what ?	your precinct ?	1
whatever i do , will you believe that l --	no matter what i do , you 'll believe that ...	1
i have the same longings as you .	i have the same desires as yours .	1
the analysis of regulation no 1788/2003 in the light of the principle of non-discrimination has not disclosed any factor which might affect the validity of that regulation .	the examination of regulation no 1788 / 2003 in respect of the principle of non-discrimination has revealed nothing to question the validity of this regulation .	1
the world where the scary angels and evas exist .	i did n't realise you were playing here .	0
studies way more than i ever did .	you want to get it out , do n't you ?	0
so far i had found at least two possible escape routes , and left breadcrumbs to mark my way to freedom .	i found two possible escape routes so far , and i identified the path to freedom .	1
he 'll stay .	he stays .	1
god i love it !	i love him !	1
how did you do it ?	how did you do it , baroness ?	1
sure , and we 're going to the right place to look it up .	and we 're going to the right place to check it out .	1
i 'm sorry , is this the same rachel whose name you said . . . . . .at the altar in the second marriage ?	i 'm sorry , is it the same rachel whose name you said at the altar on the second marriage ?	1
in these cases , clients are liable to pay the induction fee , which gradually falls to zero by the time the fund closes .	the big , white thing is there .	0
i said , `` how 's things ? ''	all right , you go to jenny 's , 'cause he 's got a couple of calls to make .	0
that 's a little crazy .	you 're crazy .	1
'i do n't want to die without a weapon in my hand . '	`` i do n't want to die without a gun . ''	1
oh , no , do n't apologize .	no , no , no .	1
discuss .	let 's discuss .	1
he had never called anyone `` champ '' in his whole life before now .	in cities across the world , musicians have been detained and quarantined , but there may be others out there .	0
i think we should just leave them alone .	i think we should let them be .	1
dead 10 days . no cause of death yet .	he 's been dead 10 days without a reason .	1
“ reminds me of the red dress you wore the first time i had you .	`` it resembles the red dress you wore when we were together for the first time .	1
you are wondering how we could get anyone to agree to such an experiment voluntarily .	you have to tell me .	0
data from the monitoring centre .	what if we combine what you do with our lessons , and i 'll show you how to do it in an instant .	0
you know , before his stay at tramble , i did n't think dickie bennett had ever been out harlan county .	you know , i did n't know that dickie bennett ever left harlan when i was in tramble .	1
god in heaven , i never thought i 'd eat real ham again .	he 's fine .	0
powell cut me dead at the hospital .	how do you know him ?	0
then he must come to me .	what matters is how we fight with that terrible thing .	0
`` sure i 'm sure , '' ray said again .	`` of course i 'm sure .	1
well , he 'll be trying , but my phone 's untraceable .	he can try , but my mobile is untraceable .	1
it 's a little late .	it 's too late .	1
i 'm headmaster now because every man fit to be headmaster 's fighting in france .	tell him what 's possible .	0
i went in , and when i got inside she was laying on the ground , uh , rubbing her eyes and screaming .	did you get that ?	0
terrific .	he probably knows my dad told me he was dating , and i do n't want to be adrift .	0
temudgin ! /you should choose me !	i 'm sorry , sidney !	0
i would marry you even if you were n't the last man on earth . ( gasps ) ( gasps )	i 'd marry you even if you were n't the last man on earth .	1
hopefully he can make it back to the shuttle and we can all get off the ship before it blows up .	this is about the year i 'm supposed to pick the main line and start planning my life journey .	0
the mask is upside down .	wait , the mask is upside down .	1
i would . we 've done nothing wrong .	i 'll go to a bar where i can hear you harder .	0
his account of hamlet earned him a nomination for the alfred radok award , and once again for the thalia award .	for the role of hamlet , he was nominated for alfred radoko 's award , and again on the award of thálie .	1
then the light-skinned boys , then the dark-skinned girls ... ... and then , last but not least , the dark-skinned boys .	then the boy was light-skinned and then a dark-skinned girl , and in the end , it was a dark-skinned boy .	1
a couple thousand from the vacation fund .	you 're out of line , carlos .	0
the organising state should assemble an evaluation report as soon as possible once the event has ended .	the organising state should prepare an evaluation report as soon as possible at the end of the action .	1
hey , that 's what i said to you when you were a kid .	i told you the same thing when you were a kid .	1
idaho inhaled a deep , quick breath , let it out slowly , then : `` say what you have to say . ''	did i hear twenty pounds ?	0
then , cautiously , keeping close to the left-hand wall , he advanced .	then he stepped forward cautiously , holding onto the left wall .	1
`` a laughing jury ai n't a hanging jury . ''	you know ...	0
and for our new csi level three , 411a , recovered stolen vehicle at mccarran .	a stolen vehicle at mccarran has been found for our new third-degree criminal , 411a .	1
why do i agree to do these stupid assignments ?	there 's a boat down by the river , we can reach the shore .	0
they 're not the ones on trial .	barack obama , i love you so much .	0
we 'll just keep our eyes open . they 're not coming back .	we should just keep our eyes open .	1
mark twitched visibly .	the duke de courcy nudged him from behind him , and the unfortunate man found death in the direction of the waters .	0
`i said so , because i purpose to enter mordor , and i know no other way .	`` i said that , for i intend to enter mordor and i do n't know any other way .	1
where you had been !	where have you been ?	1
chavez found himself hoping that they 'd run out of tool names .	10 best promotional events for retailers	0
listen , you sick bastard , we 're taking your torture victims with us .	we both thought ...	0
you ca n't talk about him that way .	`` i 'd like to know , darrell , '' hood said .	0
commission inspectors shall undertake preparatory activities in order to ensure efficiency , accuracy and consistency of inspections .	i 'm sorry for splitting us up .	0
stella did n't .	it 's not stella 's case .	1
instead you pussyfoot around and see that slut !	instead of you , you tiptoe , he was seeing that bitch behind my back !	1
you can walk right through .	you can walk there .	1
throat to the groin .	lace ?	0
okay , call me later .	okay , call me .	1
yes , we have .	he had a nervous breakdown .	0
would n't change anything .	it would change something .	1
and my brother and i would get pretty jealous . - you did ?	my brother and i were too jealous .	1
like doctor doolittle .	like dr. doolittle .	1
that young geisha who served -	and the young geisha who served us ...	1
whatev -- whatever you want , just tell us , we will make it happen .	anything you want ... just say it and we 'll do it .	1
well , only this morning ... he advised me to be on my very tippy-toed best behavior tonight ... so i do n't weird you out .	um ... this morning ... he told me to do my best ... not to scare you .	1
it feels fantastic .	fantastic feeling .	1
everything is super good .	everything is delicious .	1
oh , good boy , hang in there .	i 'm going home , where i 'm not going to be interrogated as a criminal .	0
so matsuko and takashi , start looking after your folks !	would you ?	0
i need a few days , nat !	i need a couple of days , nate !	1
and that 's the same remainder as right here .	it 's the same as here .	1
her voice was snaking and she was very close to tears .	in a peculiar spasm of homesickness , he longed to seek out and compare her memories to her .	0
you should go be with her .	oh , my god .	0
roland ignored all the byplay .	i 'm afraid someone is trying to point out something , and byrne is just the beginning .	0
yeah . i also taught him to declaim hamlet soliloquies .	i also taught him to recite hamlet 's monologues .	1
personally… i think you 're a fucking hypocrite .	personally , i think you 're a fucking hypocrite .	1
why should i let the anna wintours of the world throw coats at me ?	connecting	0
my official designation is high guard xmc a.i . ten-two-eight-four . my friends call me rommie .	the official is the high guard of xmcai10284 , but for my friends rommie .	1
those cells are still living , dr. mercer , off one another .	it 's the first clue , grey man !	0
just teach her everything i taught you and she 'll turn out fine .	just teach her what i 'll do to you and everything will be fine .	1
`` and after riding lost through the mines for hours , eventually came upon us , '' finished ambrose .	the community action is of a nature to supplement the corresponding national measures or contribute to them .	0
so , please listen to what i say now .	so please hear what i 'm saying .	1
we can have lila come and visit us .	take it easy .	0
wild cats will seldom attack unless desperate ; they prefer to run away .	he 's in philadelphia visiting linda ashby .	0
er , very ... splendid , sir .	you consider yourself emancipated and independent .	0
as he spoke a metal door was opened on the machine nearest us .	a metal door opened at the nearest machine , and someone started throwing wood into the fire .	1
he wanted a `` tool '' tool . that 's rich .	today we celebrate .	0
did you know that she studied dance for fourteen years and has performed in miami ?	did you know he 's been dancing for fourteen years and performed two seasons in miami ?	1
i 'd been holdin'in my anger for a long time ... but in that moment , somethin'just snapped .	i held out the anger for a long time , but at that point something just popped .	1
it 's a lot of responsibility .	a lot of responsibility too .	1
when i was 16 years old , i fellin love .	of course , i did n't go like this .	0
i 'd like to offer the killer some support in the electric chair .	that would be ...	0
you 're relevant .	only good witches can go through my door .	0
ok. i 'm sorry . i do n't mean to get off on the wrong ...	oh , sorry , i did n't mean to go bad .	1
the signs are all there , but people do n't see them . ''	all the warning signs are here , but people do n't see them. ``	1
firstly , in their agreements with certain providers , broadcasters have territorial restrictions .	the minute he was out , his hands were smeared .	0
i need you there to help me vote it in .	i need you to support me .	1
requiring no ovipositor , it soaked into him , was absorbed into nestor 's flesh like water into sand .	is suitcase there ?	0
`` fetch an axe to her !	`` take it with an axe ...	1
`` captain ? '' haral 's voice .	`` captain , '' haral said .	1
seeing that creature in full flight , elbryan stabbed the staff back out hard to his left , hitting the dazed and battered goblin right in the face .	he could beat jp too , and who would n't want that ?	0
he ate half my stash .	and i want you to choose me and not him .	0
`` that means it will be night soon , '' colon went on , accurately .	`` that means it 's going to be night soon , '' said colon , who had suffered from the details .	1
'as did kimloc , ' he said .	bye-bye , old soldier , i 'm leaving cheyenne	0
you knew i 'd ask for a case .	you knew i 'd want a new case .	1
no . there 's no reason to suspect the turkana , major .	you have no reason to suspect anyone of the turkana , major .	1
okay , let 's move !	all right , move !	1
`` erm . i can see you !	i see you !	1
that louise is nothin ' but a bad influence !	louise has a bad influence on you .	1
randolyn . yes .	i assume you do n't know the name of this ship .	0
hello , miss phillips .	miss phillips .	1
in the light of the foregoing considerations , i therefore suggest that the court give the following answer to the question referred by the national court :	and right now he cut the line with number 8 , guy martin .	0
fucking meaning i currently fucking am 'til death do us fucking part .	i need that noise .	0
departed hollywood at 4:00 this morning . - you said it .	you want to listen ... but i 'll never be singing again .	0
the president of the european economic and social committee dimitris dimitriadis ( 1 ) oj c 116 of 20.4.2001 , p .	she 's an fbi agent .	0
she walked to the parapet and looked down .	she walked over to the low parapet of the tower and looked down .	1
i do n't believe it !	i ca n't believe it .	1
which gentleman was it ?	what gentleman ?	1
i would rather eat my gentleman vegetables .	yeah , but i can still kill her before the cuffs come on .	0
actually , you know , there was like ... maybe there was one tiny little thing ...	maybe one little thing ...	1
i got the kid here ! '	is n't there something we should do to suppress it when he is so disobedient and rebellious ?	0
i 'm not going to do it !	i 'm not doing it .	1
out in the street things had calmed down a little .	what should i tell him ?	0
who it was ro was supposed to meet at 8:30 ?	what the hell is that ?	0
we should get in the beast and head back to london !	we should sit in the beast and go to london !	1
okay . - look real careful .	look carefully .	1
no address , though .	i 'll see you .	0
go to your rooms , now , or i 'm calling 911. go .	in my rooms , right now , or i 'll call the cops .	1
only one way that could have happened . if you withheld your recommendation .	he will have a unique opportunity to explore the galaxy like none of you .	0
anyhow , i 'm thinking , `` what can i do ? what can i do ?	`` what am i going to do ? ''	1
but for those that choose it ... ... it is truly a unique and rewarding experience .	but who chose it is a unique experience for him .	1
on the front of the tray was written 'dibbler 's cafe de feet . '	on the front page of the tray was the inscription `` kafé de feet á la kolík . ''	1
the tenth edf covers the period from 2008 to 2013 .	the 10th edf covers the period 2008-2013 .	1
but by my love and hope i beseech you : do not throw away the hero in your soul !	learn the law .	0
filthy , but genuinely arousing .	naughty , but really exciting .	1
unexpected end of stream !	he even acts like you ... he 's asked about everything .	0
you understand happy , right ?	but you know what it means to be happy , right ?	1
i do n't care who you 're banging .	i was standing in front of the mirror , but i could n't .	0
angel said you would n't give me a chance .	angel said there 's no chance you 'll forgive me .	1
go mial .	what happened ?	0
`` i 'm here , '' luke managed .	why is he so important to you ? ``	0
when a pyrotechnic article is imported the importer ’ s name and address must also be on the pyrotechnic article .	if the pyrotechnic article is imported , the name and address of the importer must also be given on the product .	1
some kids fucked up your car ?	joe !	0
for , as almost as soon as i entered the house , i singled you out as the companion of my future life !	i was her employee .	0
look , it 's just in case .	look , it 's just ...	1
jake ! you okay ?	you okay ?	1
the bent old trapper 's voice sounded a trifle plaintive .	although , not unpleasant .	0
this man is chasin ' miss gail .	she stood , stepped out and into the corridor , into the tension and bustle of the e-clones ' development , and borrowed one of those console .	0
figure b .	enter a location ( uris ) :	0
it would be my honor to preserve your brain .	it would be my pleasure to complete your brain .	1
zabaykalsky krai	what if they made coffee ?	0
speaking of work , guess who go to the first off-broadway play audition ?	speaking of careers , guess who goes to his first , off-broadway audition ?	1
components ( a ) the vehicle shall be fitted with the rear-view mirrors prescribed in section 2 of annex iii to directive 2003/97/ec .	law applicable to contractual obligations ( rome i ) * * * i ( vote )	0
|| all contract and permit types 9.3.3 receipts of payment of contract administrative fees	you wo n't get us , we 'll be hidden in seas , oceans , mountains and cemeteries .	0
apoletta regarded berem , frowning .	apoletta frowned at berema .	1
with my connections l could offer a range of merchandise which ca n't be acquired in this sector .	with my contacts , i can offer a range of high-quality goods not in the entire sector to get down .	1
we have to do something , do n't we ?	we have to do something .	1
`` mother , do n't . . . please , '' ellie interrupted , fearing that nicole would slap katie again .	he kept thinking he had to call galina 's sister ocan .	0
`` you know the penalty ? if they catch you ? ''	the only winners are mercenaries of bregan d'aerthe - a bunch , hired by matron sinafay hun'ett - as they exhaust the coffers of both houses ! ``	0
i 've been working on the story for years now .	shall i wait for you ?	0
i love you , desire you , need you .	she switched stations on tv , and ran out on your song .	0
i think i 'm ready to take the next step .	he 'll have to .	0
see the guy next to the horrible guy in the green shirt that i would never even consider ?	error : method name not found	0
( woman ) mornin ' , albert . - good morning !	the performance which may be required shall include a valid remedy in respect of transactions which are not in conformity with the contract .	0
and i chose the stud on the 10 .	and i picked a lover on 10 .	1
when do we get to see the attic torture chamber ?	when do we see this torture chamber on the floor ?	1
we ca n't walk anywhere .	i ca n't go anywhere .	1
i do n't know if you 're safer inside or on the move . ''	what we do know is that every connection matters .	0
`` now no one will disturb you , '' he added , picking up the knapsack .	`` now it 's open , '' said dol .	0
emboss image	embossed from image	1
way more important to help you deal with the groupie gone wild .	i do n't even have any combat training .	0
i must have read ... ... several thousand pages . people have been on the case for 40 years .	i have to read ... ... a couple of thousand pages .	1
nothing whatsoever ... . no , no , hear !	i do n't even know why i went there .	0
yea , i want you baby , yea !	and before she was jealous of my ex-wife .	0
i 'd like to pick up the package for kramer .	i 'm picking up a package for kramer .	1
happy chanukah .	happy hanukkah .	1
when 's the last time you talked about boundaries with him ?	i was looking for a man who would carry out a ceremony for us to renew my husband 's promises with my wife .	0
a service of frank moses .	in addition , the court examined other reports on the paying agencies , which was given an opinion .	0
i appreciate it thank you !	receiving deposits and other payables from the public .	0
so , neither do you , man .	she was plenty , enough for the horses and for the cooking of the quilt that chamis had shot in the morning .	0
teabing was laughing .	but when one came , the others could come anyway , so nobody was talking to anyone behind their backs .	0
lilian ! ''	lilian ! ``	1
well , if you 're not too busy , remove it .	just white with the flag .	0
|| 1 || maquinaria y alquiler mayal , s.l .	| | 1 cardona bañon s.l .	1
that is not an answer . yes , it is .	he 's really bad .	0
although , again , we ... we did n't have evidence that we had other bodies at the time .	although , as i said , we did n't have evidence of other bodies at the moment .	1
yes , but can you learn to look like an arab ? if the mahdi 's men find you ...	she did n't even visit me in therapy .	0
so , exactly how much is my uncle leaving me ? can i ask that ?	so , can i ask what my uncle will leave me ?	1
one-two yards less each time ... ... they 'll be looking at second and 8 , instead of second and 6 .	too much television could ruin your vision .	0
it was as if he had just signed his name to some terrible confes­sion .	it was as if he had signed some dreadful confession .	1
listen closely 'cause i 'm gon na only say this once .	3 article 2 of regulation no 1049 / 2001 provides :	0
they were supposed to loft three or four commercial communications birds .	i need cellophane and toilet paper !	0
we got a chicken ! we got a chicken ! oh , my god ! we are so fed !	no , no one on the screen dies just like anthony eds .	0
she finished and sat back , and a quiet voice spoke in her left ear .	`` the execution and interruption of the limitation period shall have an impact on all persons who have committed a crime .	0
dude , things must be going great , man .	brother , things must be great .	1
i know . we will .	i know .	1
fast food	quick snacks	1
the left hand stumbled slowly and painfully across the paper , and it was with extreme difficulty that we deciphered the scrawl .	his left hand faltered effortlessly to the paper , and with only a great deal of trouble , we broke his scrawl .	1
without protective gear ?	but in a few days i learned the truth from tommy .	0
princess ! i 've been so excited to spend time with you and ...	i was so excited to be spending time with you again .	1
if you only knew what i 'm going through i just ca n't smile without you	if you only knew what i was exposed to , i could n't laugh without you .	1
we got two males , younger one likely in his early 20s , shot while scrambling away from the front door .	the two men , the younger about 20 years old , shot him when he wanted to run away from the door .	1
`` the magic is in the difference ''	i used acid too , and i got 10 years for it .	0
if you remain with me , i teach you to sail .	if you stay , i 'll teach you to swim .	1
wait outside , ring .	wait outside , ringo .	1
jang tae san is an important witness so that 's why it was kept a secret .	yang is an important witness , so we had to keep it a secret .	1
and if nothing else , you'il be remembered as the one guy who ever did this - this one thing .	whatever .	0
`` and you ? ''	and frankly , she should know to keep an eye on her .	0
you could drink till you pass out .	how you doing ?	0
he even behaves like you ... asking everything about anything .	tomorrow at 9 : 00 a.m .	0
dunno who this sid guy was but he 's got fucking great taste in gash .	he 's too smart .	0
uhh ! god !	i should get them tonight .	0
you guys should take off .	you should get out .	1
she shall be clad in her wedding gown and shall abide there for three days against the coming of the king .	and that 's why i thought life was short .	0
no maud !	oh , no , maud .	1
`` help me feel it , pretty please '' .	if we ca n't tell anyone , how did you explain it to your fiancé ?	0
we might be preparing dinner . coming home after a long day . enjoying a glass of wine .	we can prepare dinner , go home after a long day , enjoy a glass of wine , dedicate myself to my pain and problems .	1
i 'm tc-1 4 at your service .	i 'm tc-14 , at your service .	1
( 100 ) http : //www.europarl.europa.eu/qp-web .	the shadow !	0
well , i plan to reach the caves first and sneak in with the weapons .	get to the cave first and sneak out the guns .	1
i must tell consul zhang i make decision , not ben .	she had no idea what they were , but she knew she could not approach them .	0
you understand this is best for everyone , do n't you ?	you know it 's all for the best , right ?	1
none of it seems to make much sense .	do you think he 'd kill us ?	0
that 's not what i 'm do -- you should n't be listening at other people 's doors .	it 's not what we do -- you should n't listen behind a stranger 's doors .	1
the exercise was over .	let 's talk about whatever you think .	0
yes , i could do 43 .	yes , 43 will go .	1
the guard there stood at attention .	herman , come here .	0
yeah . i did .	i 'm the one who released the zombie virus .	0
say something :	say something .	1
`` i do n't suppose you could give us a hint or two about this place we 're supposed to find ? '' belgarath asked hopefully .	`` i do n't suppose you 'll give us any clues or clues about the place we 're supposed to find ? '' belgarath asked hopefully .	1
further data on its benefits and safety were being awaited from the company .	the company also expected more data related to benefits and security .	1
the summaries of these sessions shall be publicly available .	nixon the same day - as it is - died and i had lunch alone with kuchma .	0
1 pt . 2 ( adapted ) article 11 1 .	article 11 1 .	1
i 've always felt bad about leaving you to face it on your own .	i always felt bad about running away and leaving you .	1
penetrating trauma to the skull and gray matter is consistent with a gunshot wound .	'no , i 'll see first , 'she said ... .. .and i 'll see if the sign is ' poison 'or not .	0
that 's kind of my little work area , so you may want to , you know , play low there .	what do you want ?	0
maybe you are right .	scott edward parasylum	0
nogusta struggled to his feet .	nogusta scrambled to his feet .	1
somebody 's got ta get hold of him somehow .	turn it off !	0
'did you try it ? '	you know the devil after the smell , paul thought .	0
`` huh ? ''	'huh ? '	1
so why you packing your gunand your bulletproof vest ?	then why are you taking your gun and a bulletproof vest ?	1
perhaps you will not want to see	what am i supposed to do tomorrow ?	0
but the only mystery that i never saw ... it was so that my heart amarte could not .	this outcome should perhaps not seem so special .	0
so i was thinking i could talk to mr. colton about bringing you in .	i could talk to mr. colton and bring you to the party .	1
chavez looked over to león , who also had his goggles on , was also looking that way , a green image on the tube .	i think it was when i got in high school .	0
nu value	is there something fun about the gazette ?	0
once his leg went through the rotten roof , but he dragged it out and continued to retreat before me , frothing and cursing his fury .	once his foot passed through a rotten roof , but he yanked her out and continued his retreat , foaming and cursing .	1
i 've got some crazy stories to tell .	joe , you ...	0
so that does n't really -- that does n't really count .	go back to buenos aires and stop the marriage .	0
between the two , you 'll end up either dead or in jail , and then what about us ?	we 're alone together .	0
i know , director .	i know , principal .	1
i know that this is hard , kelly ... ... but i have one more question .	i can depart and represent generations of waterhouse who have not yet been born , and godfrey can make a father-hero better than i really am. ``	0
this is an indication that , thus far , not all societal questions relating to the cap have been answered in a satisfactory way .	this suggests that all societal issues concerning the cap so far have not been satisfactory .	1
well , by the time michelle stopped screaming that night ... i 'd learned the most amazing lesson .	before michelle stopped screaming that night , i found something amazing .	1
you 're cute when you 're sleuthing .	you 're so cute when you play detective .	1
`` i see that they 're illegal , but that they 're still being used by petty tyrants desperate to hold onto their power and their privileges .	- interinstitutional relations - to represent the commission at the council , the european parliament and the member states in connection with the negotiation process ;	0
whoever attacked the ship must 've taken 'em prisoner .	like , did you ever see paulina on her first `` sports illustrated '' website ?	0
i 'm chief o'brien . let 's get you taken care of inside .	it was good !	0
it provides a framework for action and for the setting of environmental objectives and targets ;	environmental policy is a framework for the activities of the organisation and for the establishment of general and specific environmental objectives ;	1
my kids have some . drive me nuts with it all day .	ferral ?	0
logan 's had a tough time with lilly 's death .	logan 's death was heavy .	1
going ahead . this is tomkin .	the development of paprika cultivation is also linked to the maintenance of traditional breeding and traditional cultivation .	0
although time is against us , i think we should give it our all and see if we can make the best of it .	he had only a few days left .	0
yeah , i was , er ... i was just checking up there and , yes , as i thought , the ladder is completely useless .	come on , come here !	0
cholera epidemic in 1913. two thousand dead .	cholera epidemic in 1913 .	1
a starship captain 's life is filled with solemn duty .	the life of a starship captain is a great deal of duty .	1
`` you wo n't be back this way in any case , will you ? ''	he was the one who had gathered the moredhel under his banner , and gave rise to this embodiment of abomination , the wicked black assassins .	0
do you think there 's a connection between this vigo and the ...	you think there 's a connection between that vig and ...	1
novice was vying for a defense contract with several competitors .	a novice and several competitors have tried to compete ... ... with the department of defense .	1
it has done this through common themes and a joint marketing eﬀort , remodelling the area around a common brand .	i 'd rather hope po chi lam ... ... will help you achieve a better health ... ... and grow a resilient body .	0
it let 's me draw five new cards from my deck .	following a proper assessment of this problem and careful examination of all possible alternatives , my initial recommendations apply .	0
please use the security tab to add the network service account .	add on the security account network security card .	1
most of them are being killed out there	most of them are dying out there .	1
guess i will have to ask the librarian on that one .	i 'll have to ask the librarian for this .	1
the ocean is a perpetual motion machine .	human matter .	0
now , look .	l.a .	0
he 's making me nervous .	i 'm nervous .	1
we must find their bomb factory before the company pays the ransom .	what about the girl ?	0
dangerous because they did n't ring alarm bells in other people .	dangerous because they did n't tinker the warning bells of other people 's heads .	1
and this here is the birthday boy .	i never looked at her as a sexual object .	0
two years had passed since the incident , and there had not been a day during that time when the agony had been less than tolerable .	i do n't want to scare the crew .	0
shoot	shoot him .	1
could it be ...	maybe it 's ...	1
`` as she told me , with great difficulty , that she had done this , ''	`` she merely told me that she had done this , ''	1
a pretty young woman to turn him on .	guys , i think we 've got a power outage .	0
so , you gon na be my friend now , hmm ?	so you 're gon na be friends now , huh ?	1
`` i do n't get much company these days , '' he said .	`` i have n't had much company in recent days , '' he said .	1
just help-help me get her in the car .	help me get her into the car !	1
but he is a young spark yet , and none of his paramours have kindled .	okay , today is gon na be a full surprise .	0
camp chipewa ? - uh , yeah ...	i 'm relieved , sir .	0
i think you 're making way too big a deal about it .	i 'm sorry .	0
there 's a reason why guys nickname me `` t-ball . ''	they do n't call me `` t-ball for a reason . ''	1
matching mole 's little red record	he held the man on his chest and simply asked , `` are you serving murmandamus ? ''	0
as everyone knows by now , traces of the neurotoxin have been found in some plants and trees .	better human beings than the ones we shot today we 'll never know .	0
honored matres might not want any bene gesserit alive . . . only the spice knowledge , perhaps .	the honored matres may not want a live bene gesserit ... only spice knowledge .	1
mikhail 's sasha - v. khoroshenchikov	mikhail 's sasha - w .	1
we used to sit here while she 'd darn socks and tell us stories .	we were sitting here when she stitched up her socks and told us stories .	1
and he 's not embarrassed to tell me .	and it 's not even shy to tell me .	1
who 's gon na ride my ship ?	and then i started seeing them .	0
you know you 're only fooling yourself , right ?	you know you 're just making a fool of yourself , right ?	1
the inns near the gate were run-down and as seedy as sagrin 's , which was to be expected .	and for a moment there was a flash of madness in his eyes .	0
sorry , did i ruin a moment ?	you spy on your neighbors , kal ?	0
i 'm bothering you twice this week .	i 'm bothering you for the second time in a week .	1
amaneh , are you mad at me ? yes .	you followed me and kidnapped me .	0
the file replication service paused because the staging area is full .	`` - japanese , '' norris said .	0
right , just like you 're not still into sutton .	you 're still not in love with sutton .	1
i 've got a secret .	it 's not like that .	0
it 's too short	in five weeks , when he died , i was at a depth of 240 feet trying to find out about squalor .	0
`` there is always vanity . ''	during the incident that took us here in delta ...	0
medium ( result ) * systems turbine halls 1 completed by 2020 ; dismantling buildings in 2015 .	`` because they say i have no right to come here - if i have no intention of marrying you - ''	0
madame bernadotte the responsability of this .	madam bernadotte this responsibility .	1
‘ tender under invitation to tender for refunds on barley exported to certain third countries — regulation ( ec ) no 1058/2005 — confidential ’ .	`` listen , wolf , what about the tape with scott hamilton , what did i buy in cheyenne ? ''	0
then she had another one , a girl .	and then one more , a girl .	1
worked left toward the road and shadowed it north in the forest .	he ran to the left to go , and into the hidden woods along it went north .	1
weekly on % 1	the drow did not sleep well .	0
'or guardians , ' l'oric added .	beautiful afternoon , girls .	0
ninja secret .	so what happens now , doctor ?	0
even if it 's only of a tree in asia minor .	maybe he 's just king of a tree in little asia .	1
my hands are numb .	you could have done a bunch of different things .	0
come on ! let 's go !	`` it 's people .	0
you fucking narrow-minded medieval scold .	you fucking , bigoted medieval weed .	1
i 'm so tired , i could -- - you could eat a horse ?	i thought we could rely on our mutual love .	0
wow , ca n't believe i almost resorted to emotional terrorism . i 'm sorry .	i ca n't believe i nearly consented to emotional terrorism .	1
goddammit .	was it like i spilled water on you ?	0
he strained with all his might , as if he were bench-pressing three times his weight .	before using this option , the database wizard must be run first , so that you can link the draft table to the table .	0
asshole ! shut up !	his fingers moved imperceptibly over the reins , until he was within reach .	0
and she was also an actor who had not been given the script .	as an actor who did n't get the script .	1
we should run that dna through codis .	it 's a mistake .	0
what 's wrong with him ? he 's got a cough .	ron 's ego did n't last .	0
those are some big fucking feet .	such strong feet !	1
please . - i tried that .	do you need something , sir ?	0
you wan na see if we still have it ? - yeah .	you want to see if we still got that ?	1
very few people cared for her , and she for very few people .	should n't i be calm ?	0
to repay you for your kindness ... and for the advice you gave her yesterday . i did nothing .	it looks hot out there !	0
what a fucking rest ?	take it easy !	0
huh ? - tracy .	tracy .	1
i need to speak to the man that gave me this number .	we 've taken care of this policy for 3 years , and we do n't want the insurance to fail .	0
i know that we said a 150 but we 're actually gon na trim it down to 75 .	i know we agreed to 150 , but we 're going to have to cut it down to 75 .	1
i tried to keep my composure , but ...	the surface is crisp and soft inside .	0
despite the requests of the latvian authorities , bas did not seem inclined to fulfil the agreement reached at the shareholders ' meeting .	it appears that , despite requests from the latvian authorities , the bas agreement , which was achieved at the shareholders `` general meeting , failed .	1
i 'm sorry , sir . she did n't make it .	first she was , and then not .	0
what 's the point of drinking the stuff if it du n't leave you puking ?	will you stop whining about that , boy ?	0
( gasps ) you never ask a woman that .	you never ask a woman about that .	1
chocolate icing !	| | design und kulturstancake zollverein 2002de162pr001 | | gran telescopio de canarias 2002es161pr001 | | gran telescopio de canarias 2002es161pr002	0
'no , ' clarise said .	`` no , '' said clarise .	1
the last thing you need is your brother , the nazi , dashing around england with that trollop of a wife .	you do n't remember being together at the company ?	0
tonight , if possible .	today , if possible .	1
`` so we 're in the clear in this room . ''	how the hell did he do that ?	0
so.. if i asked you to have a drink with meyou 'd do it ?	she must have suffered a violent shock .	0
man , where 's all the time gone ?	the commission can not establish a possible aid measure for any amendment of the law , which is more than unlikely in the present case .	0
i 've mostly been using it like a magazine ... you know , hitting flies with it , using it to scratch my engine room .	oh , god , miss calendar !	0
you know , i was trying to explain to them ...	it 's a wonder the woman has accomplished .	0
everything 's great .	can i ask you something ?	0
easy , but fun .	light , but fun .	1
'you just stand there and make sure we do n't steal anything , ' jack scoffed .	`` you just stand there and be careful not to steal anything , '' jack teased him .	1
stay behind me , '' i whispered to markie , then proceeded to walk into the lion 's den .	stay behind me , 'i whispered to stath , stepping into the pit of the lion .	1
go on , man .	someone volunteered under the name of smith , if you can believe it .	0
she got her own room .	he 's got his room .	1
look , what is it , beef ? . chicken .	guys , veronica 's moving in .	0
if i do , she 'll clobber me !	i admit i 'm not super rich , but i would n't mind being a little richer than i am now .	0
you should n't be up here .	the form / form could not be moved .	0
i do n't understand why they 've done this ?	i heard about the thing with nikki .	0
the shut-off valve is then to be closed tightly and the water seal , as well as the pressure gauge , are to be observed closely .	row your hands in order to remain in place .	0
but i do n't know how you work with butter and cream and still manage to stay so trim .	ca n't you buy a newspaper that 's written about such things ?	0
`` he was the one who saved my bacon-in last night 's encounter with the local wildlife .	unlike you , they loved it .	0
lemon ! aah ! great news !	great news !	1
the big double doors with the frosted glass panels which gave on the pool area were closed .	the large double-doors from the matted glass leading to the pool were closed .	1
i just cleaned myself .	what led you to the destruction of that television this morning ?	0
i 'd like it definitely to be a little bolder than this .	i 'd like it to be bolder .	1
in every direction the great snow-capped peaks hemmed them in , peeping over each other 's shoulders to the far horizon .	roland ignored the interplay .	0
mom , that is practically a turtleneck .	let 's dance .	0
and after that it will keep going because there are going to be any number of people here who you wo n't convince .	and then it will keep running , because there will always be a certain number of people you wo n't convince .	1
toni had gotten him a pair of electronic earplugs .	everything works in our favor .	0
well is she alright ?	`` d'amacourt suggested checkout checks issued to the bearer . ''	0
you look like a pansy .	you look like a faggot .	1
'i really hate them . '	i do n't think she was interested .	0
i do n't care whose horse you use .	i do n't care what kind of horse you 're gon na use .	1
i 'd be a damn expensive one .	do you still have any more weed that you think you can give me ?	0
they'il be sending me back to hell once i 'm finished .	we 'll throw him out !	0
to cut a skyline into a sliver of metal without any indication of what it points to or why ?	to reduce the level of fear , compassion , they increased the muscle mass .	0
i got nothing to hide . dutch :	i 'm the mastermind of the world in chewing gum , and i 'm not afraid of anything !	0
so pass or fail ?	did he go through or not ?	1
yo , tommy .	you , tommy .	1
not the leftovers .	not the rest .	1
how many do you think are going to be like that ?	how many do you think is going to happen ?	1
this man has been pointing a gun at my child for 3 days .	she was taken away by the storm that followed a chilly week .	0
in either .	both .	1
and by devil , i mean robot devil .	i 've never heard anything like this .	0
we'il call erling .	let 's call erling .	1
i 've got my kid .	i have a son .	1
maybe she 's bangin ' some other dude ?	maybe he 's banging some other guy , huh ?	1
it was like something out of a keira knightley novel .	he looked like a story with keira knightley .	1
come on , corrine .	about the recording , sir , which may seriously compromise national security after publication .	0
it would be costly and also technically and operationally demanding to set up and maintain .	it has also been costly and technically and operationally both on creation and maintenance .	1
yep , that 's some pig , all right .	i 've apologized about a hundred times .	0
my skull .	in his skull .	1
what 's going on here ? - shit !	what 's going on here ?	1
besides , everybody needs a taste of their own medicine once in a while .	and besides , everyone needs to experience a little of their own medicine .	1
the commission is , however , right to submit that the processing of lengthy applications within the prescribed time-limits may present considerable difficulties .	the eesc is in complete agreement to determine the possibility of a temporary continuation of exports while further efforts are being made to obtain explicit consent .	0
yeah , it was scary . what ?	no , i mean what you find interesting .	0
it 's just ... it 's just so optimistic of you , harry .	you 're special .	0
you need this guy .	seriously , man .	0
let 's play monopoly or something .	let 's play a game of monopoly .	1
uh , you are aware that in brain , uh , was released on , uh , wharf master on february 3 of this year ?	are you aware that `` v brain '' was placed on the wharf master on third february of this year ?	1
i challenge you to come here you and me , face to face , here .	just me and you , face to face !	1
you know how that feels ?	do you know the feeling ?	1
`` mike , what in hell ever led you to believe that i was infallible ? ''	how do you know she 's a witch ?	0
do this .	huge , with me !	0
at least you knew where he stood .	at least he knew what he was .	1
no , i was not .	no .	1
i could have excluded his name from the official report .	owen took up the other , took a deep breath , and dropped him .	0
a credit rating agency shall arrange for adequate records and , where appropriate , audit trails of its credit rating activities to be kept .	the credit rating agency shall ensure the preservation of relevant records and , where appropriate , the relevant checks on rating activities .	1
yeah . well , you 're suddenly in a good mood .	we 're taking a comfortable life .	0
and how is she now ?	i know this is n't exactly the happy ending you and jack wanted for each other .	0
( d ) the data subject has unambiguously given his or her consent , or	i do n't trust you .	0
i give you everything for 500 . - thirty .	i 'll give you everything for $ 500 .	1
yeah , how did you know that ?	how do you know ?	1
for dinner with the family tonight .	he will live to winter .	0
i was looking for a friend of mine , and i was told i could find her here .	well , he would n't feel so alone .	0
we 're going sightseeing , are n't we ?	dude , can she stop using fair english ?	0
honey , i 'm not here to bail you out .	i ca n't leave it alone .	0
know what ?	all right , you know what ?	1
i 'm piper and leo 's son . - oh , my god !	i 'm piper and leo 's son .	1
bloody hell .	of course she does n't want to get her roommate 's pussy .	0
he dismounted and led his horse on towards the north , pausing only to wipe him clear of lather .	waylander dismounted and led the horse to the north , pausing only to shake him dry .	1
it 's horrible	help me .	0
you see how clumsy i am . i ...	do you see how clumsy i am ?	1
11-year-old billie copeland was last seen on the playground at 4:30 yesterday afternoon .	i might throw you out of the airlock and i 'll tell them you did n't say anything .	0
it 's a lot tougher getting them out than getting them in .	it 's harder to get them out than in .	1
my partner 's an engineer .	my associate is a technician .	1
i know you'il make me proud .	i know i 'm proud of you .	1
today ...	to that end , it is necessary to strengthen the assets and resources provided by them via mandatory * modulation .	0
the spaceship descends into the atmosphere , again reconfiguring itself to expose a set of aerodynamic control surfaces .	the spacecraft will descend into the atmosphere , reconciling the configuration again , and precipitates a set of aerodynamic control surfaces .	1
the man with charlie stared at his partner , and for a moment the gun was totally distracted from her small head .	10,000 years ... it could be a dangerous enemy .	0
thanks , can go .	listen only one .	0
count 's plus 15 .	`` send for roha .	0
in here ? you serious ?	oh , really ?	1
vive la france . !	it smells .	0
`` grocer found dead - suicide suspected as mother of literary prodigy is discov -- ''	on 'vi vs .	0
you 've shown me so many wonders on your great ship , but there 's one thing left .	do you realise it 's july and have n't started yet ? ``	0
do you find me stubborn ?	i 'm telling you , we have to stop .	0
if i lose it again ... i want you to take me out .	but his remained , stamped upon his side as he walked toward the place , to the alien shape on the shore of kutatha 's dead sea .	0
how soon people forgot .	how fast people can forget .	1
would that i were .	i wish i were .	1
the proposal was sent to the edps for consultation on the same day .	the proposal was sent to the european data protection supervisor on the same day for consultation .	1
permission to come aboard ?	finally , the applicant points out that the commission 's contention is based on its experience in the process of a reassessment .	0
i know these feelings are not truly rational-and that is something i ca n't explain .	i know these feelings are n't quite reasonable - and it 's something i ca n't quite explain .	1
give us this day our daily bread , and forgive us our trespasses ... as we --	the doctor said that .	0
ever since we 're little , you 've always gotten what you wanted .	originally from storrs in connecticut .	0
does she know that you 're broke and have no place else to go ?	he knows you 're broke and you have nowhere else to go ?	1
and you had an access to the medical tools ... needed to carry out your plan .	`` i 'm leaving now - '' janos said `` - but i 'm leaving with the knowledge that you will come to me . ''	0
is n't that the girl you hooked up with at the andersons ' wedding ?	is n't that the girl you were with at anderson 's wedding ?	1
me -- duke landers , esquire .	duke landers , esquire .	1
otherwise gus is going to end up handing out lunch meat at airports .	otherwise gus ends up handing out food at the airport .	1
well , in light of what 's happened , he 's arranged a little meeting with judge emerson to review our case .	well , in the light of what happened , he arranged an appointment with judge emerson and she would study our case .	1
brusson , aosta valley	so i joined the outlanders. ``	0
age 38. born in cuba .	okay , so coffee .	0
pressed your face to the fire like you 're a nice juicy mutton chop .	sweet dreams .	0
we are always together	there are n't so many landing sites in the city .	0
looks okay , right ?	good , right ?	1
the part of mescaline overdrive will be chosen at random .	we 'll randomly select the snippets from mescaline overdrive .	1
satisfied now ?	are you happy now ?	1
we were inside the tent , the machine !	we were inside that tent , mashino !	1
she stood up , went out and into the passage , through the tension and bustle of e-clone processing , and borrowed one of their consoles .	he stumbled sometimes .	0
above him , he heard the dragon shriek in anger .	above him there was a dragon 's angry roar .	1
'and it was n't good for me , `` thought white mike ...	`` not even for me , '' mike white thought .	1
why — when she could spend time with me — i ca n't imagine .	why - when he can spend time with me - i ca n't imagine. ``	1
miles was not just sure how to interpret that one .	in austria , specific areas of specific areas are taken into account in austria , and they should therefore be reflected in their local development strategies .	0
it was guttural and harsh , yet powerfully rhythmic .	i 'm talking about you , godspelle .	0
2005/c 310/7 prior notification of a concentration ( case comp/m.4060 — endesa europa/zedo ) — candidate case for simplified procedure ( 1 )	to be half a man to be afraid of the beast ?	0
yeah , that 's fine .	what do cigarettes do now ?	0
my family values achievement .	liquid from the car cooler .	0
maggie : ready to come off ?	ready to go offline ?	1
cheers , neil .	thanks , neil .	1
“ tyler , send gorth and his men to reinforce the soldiers there . ”	that 's what 's important .	0
lady margaret , he will have no need to return .	come home , maybe just visit , talk to your father .	0
jesus christ , ump !	jesus , ref !	1
you do n't want to say the wrong thing .	you would n't want to say anything bad .	1
if they board , kill them .	if he enters the ship , kill them !	1
it 's starting to come back ?	is it coming back to you ?	1
he or his accomplice has a disk that mr belford needs to disable that virus .	he or his accomplices have the disk that mr. belford needs to get rid of the virus .	1
i-i got ta call tech support .	you 're delicious !	0
he 's an ideal practice subject , since he 's had relations with both men and women .	sure . it 's been a long time .	0
we 're trying to mobilise the entire neighbourhood - to keep an eye out for suspicious behaviour .	we 're trying to mobilize all residents to keep an eye out for suspicious behavior .	1
lucas : michael .	michael .	1
did i say that ?	it was a bit like you were saying goodbye to a local vicar who is going up the ladder to climb into the sky and visit god there .	0
come . -no , i do n't want to see it .	you 're not fat . you have heavy bones .	0
so i sought out information on the vehicles of the other principals in this case .	so i sought out information about vehicle owners in this case .	1
for i , colonel kroog ... will make sure that you are safe .	you forgot 'on the best ' , brilliant , on-the-best cowboy hero of all time , sheriff woody !	0
any grade	any degree	1
he had had his one-minute start , maybe more .	he had his minute ahead , maybe more .	1
it came back alive .	she was alive again .	1
clothes off !	the dress !	1
he was one of the most brilliant philosophers who ever lived-and also the most misunderstood . ''	he was one of the most brilliant philosophers he ever lived .	1
and now we can prove it .	and we can do it .	1
i do n't know if it 's smart .	i do n't know if it 's reasonable .	1
nozaki , you hear a lot of things ... but your ears are full of wax !	nozaki , you hear everything , but your ears are blocked with dirt !	1
everything will be exactly the way it 's supposed to be .	everything will be fine , everything will be as it should be .	1
no , i ...	so you finally went to see the woman .	0
get up and go to bed , right ?	go to bed , will you ?	1
forgotten salam , that is too difficult .	when can you get that ?	0
it is not all bad , though there will be hardship ahead .	but we should .	0
you .	the child is a menace .	0
i kept thinking who were they for ?	that 's why i wanted to save her .	0
well , i think that we 'd like to decorate it ourselves .	tickets for $ 4 .	0
i 've seen those two cowboys before at the girl 's flat .	i 've seen these in the woman 's apartment .	1
right in the everyday stuff .	not really , i hate them , and amy loves them .	0
please .	nothing 's going to happen to you . i 'll be right back .	0
sine `` x '' plus the square root of negative two .	bring in the team .	0
that 's why i let this one through .	now d'agosta was very happy to have him .	0
you said it 's a magic hammer .	event type : failed audit	0
here comes the kiss .	`` not only did i not send an evaluation , but i also allowed you to get me back under control .	0
your sister wants to take all her pills .	your sister wants to swallow an entire tube of pills .	1
marry me , jo !	take me , jo !	1
( whispering ) : i 'm sorry it took so long .	i 'm sorry it took so long .	1
it 's just my process .	leave it to the professionals .	0
so what line of work is your husband in ?	and here ... get out !	0
hi , lori , i 'm ted .	hello , lori .	1
man : tear his head off .	rip his head off .	1
i do n't smoke .	i do n't think he can concentrate until he does a lot of things at once , - including speaking .	0
castle , we ca n't have that many people coming . agreed .	i told you you were a klutz .	0
`` you are '' , `` as your friend tony '' `` would say '' , `` great ! ''	you 're like your friend tony would say , `` super ! ''	1
i am relentlessly heterosexual , as much because of my san fernando valley middle class background as anything .	i 'm relentlessly heterosexual , as well because of my background from the middle tier of the san fernando valley as because of all the remains .	1
worked in the newsagent 's on a sunday .	she worked in a travesty on sunday .	1
we both know that was n't the case .	we both know it was n't like that .	1
`` i 'd prefer under four thousand meters , but the gld is good to six . ''	`` preferably below four thousand feet , but a laser ground-tracking device is enough for up to six . ''	1
knew what ?	what ?	1
set range selection	select area range	1
now you know ours .	now you know it .	1
some dipshit guitar player .	method iec electromagnetic field the requirements for the vehicle / alarm systems shall be subjected to a basic test .	0
a princess kissing a labrador . uh , i appreciate you not calling me a toad .	i appreciate you not calling me a frog .	1
that piece of scripture , where the tale of samson is described reminds me of when a certain young man ...	that 's the writing of the story about samson , which reminds me of a young man .	1
she is a wonderful lady .	she 's beautiful .	1
the big bucks are in drugs .	money 's in drugs .	1
7:30 ? sharp .	sharp .	1
speaking of breeding , this is our eldest amber .	fatah 's trail got cold , but we 'll see what 's on it .	0
range , 20 miles .	because she knew thrawn - she knew his stubbornness and the bounds of patience .	0
we'il start ... with a favourite passage of edward from the king james ' bible ... it 's the first book of samuel chapter 18 .	it 's samuel 's first book , chapter 18 .	1
so you too think it 's something to do with the cyclotron room ?	so you think it 's got something to do with that cyclone room ?	1
we make this quick .	i 'll make it quick .	1
i 'm right in front of you ! ''	at that moment susan calvin stepped in and slammed the door shut behind her .	0
kded kwest base url notifier	two breasts roasted on a grille , baked cheese egg , flavoured by the snapper 's spices on the cream butter	0
he drew back enough to look me in the face , close enough to kiss .	and i thought , `` we were playing daughter ? ''	0
“ morning , sarah . ”	`` good morning , sarah . ''	1
where did you get these ?	where have you taken them ?	1
why do n't you go suck a nigger 's dick , bea ?	suck some nigger , bea .	1
some of my students are n't even allowed to study εnglish anymore .	and you could n't like him more .	0
disciplined troops desert , sir ?	disciplined troops and deservedly , sir ?	1
could you love me , or do n't you believe in that anymore ?	i 'm just a regular businessman .	0
by dealing drugs ?	the joint costs of eumam rca shall be managed in accordance with decision 2011 / 871 / cfsp .	0
you see , if and 'success ... - imagine how it would be furious !	there 's a lot of them , and i 'd say there 'll be plenty of them before i get to the end .	0
string representing null value	something 's in the house , upstairs .	0
there 's a party at the ranch of compadre don ramón .	think she 's such a big cow .	0
oh , so that 's it .	oh , that 's why .	1
it was good ! - yeah .	yes , you do .	0
i mean , there were times that we ... we gave in to temptation .	i mean , there were times when we succumbed .	1
you bigtime officers have shafted me twice .	you officers have done me twice .	1
are you gon na do something about it ?	you said ... no ?	0
that the spell not only saved your life , but you gained all the lives of those lost in the fire as well .	because i know too much .	0
baker walked with steady , grim determination , trying to get rid of his warnings before they got rid of him .	you do n't like how i drive ?	0
you got ta wear your hat in a restaurant ?	when i saw it , i said , `` it 's going to be on each other 's name . ''	0
they 're not that scary .	do you understand ? ``	0
i thought that you and i would talk alone .	platinum .	0
tarzan finishes his second section .	tarzan finished the second part .	1
rich text format e-mail messages .	e-mail messages in rtf format .	1
i hate to be nosy and impolite ... but do you know jim levenstein and michelle flaherty ?	i do n't like to stick my nose where i do n't have , but do n't you know jim levenstein and michelle flaherty ?	1
but i feel like it 's like becoming a vegan , not being able to eat meat .	you exist and then there will be no .	0
i 'm spending a fortune on gas and tolls ...	spending a fortune on petrol and soap ...	1
couple months ago , she did a piece on the bells glen speedway .	a couple of months ago , she was doing something on the bells glen highway .	1
see this function ?	the forces that held the lock were more powerful than any of his magic .	0
it 's the sight of the waves going up and down , sir . '	it 's the waves that keep going up and down and up - '	1
or we could go into beverly hills and have brunch , and go ring shopping together .	or we can go to beverly hills for a late breakfast and buy the rings together .	1
said you were swell .	in a relationship like ours , it 's not supposed to be asked by a woman , but i ca n't help it .	0
( echoing ) : incredible ... incredible .	incredible ...	1
i do n't feel like seeing him now .	i do n't want to see him today .	1
like , look at that guy .	hey , look at this guy .	1
you 're a quivering arrow .	you 're trembling with an arrow	1
thanks , thanks . ... and we 'll take care of everything .	thank you .	1
it ’ s just a very , very minor detail and adjusting the back will fix the snow .	tomas 's coronation was held at the end of a long , stiff winter .	0
i mean , i definitely did n't understand the gravity of the situation .	`` pleased to meet you , colonel . ''	0
it 's ...	it 's ... .	1
hi , we 're havin ' some trouble with this alarm .	hello , we have an alarm problem .	1
just pray this is a nine-lives situation .	shut up .	0
see , in one life , i 'm engaged to marry a woman i love .	`` man ?	0
bill , edward had lunch at jackie 's today and she just had her kitchen completely redone .	bill , edward was at jackie 's lunch today . he 's got a brand new kitchen .	1
hansel haven´t you been smoking peyote for six straight days ?	now that i 'm aware , `` shit , honzo , you have n't smoked peyote for six days , do you ?	1
hell of a first date , huh ?	you have the tracking device , not me .	0
and then , after a long , tearful ... at your end ... phone call ... ... we just ...	and then after your long , tortured phone call ...	1
the eye was everything .	the eye is the most important .	1
because of your long and loyal service to me ,	for your long and loyal service , my name is ...	1
or maybe it 's ... random numbers from a disturbed mind .	maybe it 's just ... random numbers from the head of a fool .	1
what 're you saying ?	what ?	1
it is shared among them equally .	do you want to help us ?	0
any increase in the intensity over the one fixed initially must necessarily be considered new aid .	i do n't want that , but i ca n't sit here and watch the government fall .	0
now he 's your best friend ? oh , i 'm sorry for liking the guy who 's trying to save my life .	but here 's an opportunity	0
quench responses to these gases are proportional to their concentrations , and therefore require test techniques to determine the quench at the highest expected concentrations experienced during testing .	he does n't like to be confined .	0
you nearly got us bloody killed .	you almost got us shot .	1
you 're gon na have to stop this .	send postcard - la fleet en ré	0
i talk to him .	i 'm telling him .	1
he unstrapped his dented helm and tossed it aside .	but if there were agents in front of the house , why do n't they ditch the door so they could place an immortal barbie collection .	0
`` we 've burned them out and salted the earth so they ca n't return , '' she said , her voice rising .	what i originally meant to do , i 'm now reassessing , because i might have to wait for andrey .	0
upon due consideration of the problem and careful examination of all possible options , my original recommendation stands .	following a proper assessment of this problem and careful examination of all possible alternatives , my initial recommendations apply .	1
we know it 's bullshit .	i have some very interesting news for starika , who do n't wait until further notice .	0
good . yeah , it 's going good .	yeah , it 's going well .	1
it could kill millions of innocent people . - now you 're being dramatic . - put it back .	doctor , i thought i 'd never see you .	0
yeah , you and debbie are perfect .	no , it 's okay . you do n't have to tell me .	0
but i will say that this is the pattern of this recession , and that we have been here before .	we will do our best to protect the country .	0
my , er , grandmother , she come from kiev .	in parallel , a blind test must be performed without the contents of the test substance .	0
turn on the radio .	zack , get down !	0
you paged me .	`` happiness is a golden poem ... ''	0
lan , he had ... a premonition or a dream , or whatever . he knew .	lan had a bad idea or a dream or something .	1
human judgment , good and bad , will drive investment decisions and financial-market outcomes for the rest of our lives and beyond .	bad value for tensions	0
caslet straightened his back and reached out to shake his co 's hand firmly , and theisman gave him a smile which held both sadness and warning .	caslet stood up , clasped his hand firmly , and theisman gave him a smile in which there was sadness and fear .	1
rome abandoned us , some were to struggle in galia .	i 'll have my job .	0
and another one you purchased today in a roadside diner .	shit , i 'm asleep .	0
whatever , it is haunting him .	so cindi was spying on two .	0
you guys looking for some repairs or you need a truck or what ?	this time-limited beta version is no longer possible .	0
first we ’ ll find some other investor and tell him of your plan to invade england . ”	you 've already signed your co-charges .	0
to reduce the capacity for fear , for pity , to increase muscle strength , heightened senses .	somewhere that 's not on fire .	0
we need to collect more evidence .	we need more evidence .	1
stop it , dad ! i 'm sorry !	i 'm sorry !	1
i do n't know what a mexican standoff is .	your friend worked undercover for me before his death .	0
you guys have to understand that i come from a very dark past .	you want me to kill this motherfucker ?	0
maybe if you tell me your name .	( be honest with yourself , girl , you 're fat from head to foot . )	0
nobody	the last model , 100 watts , digital .	0
the crew do n't know what picture you 're making .	the world is so big it 's not far away	0
and you did all this just so selena can stay in the country ?	oh , i told them all about your good job ... but they 're paid .	0
`` i 'm chap , the new paralegal . ''	just tell me how long you 've been seeing him .	0
extension 15 , please .	this is all the more worrying if the target group is trusting consumers - kids .	0
she turned into a male .	for the moment i think bob wants to concentrate everything he has , to l.a. gladden here .	0
no auto release % 0	i 'll tell you what .	0
you would n't be planning anything foolish , would you ?	we got ta stop hitting each other like that .	0
the sequence opens with an image of earth completely destroyed by thermonuclear war .	of course , i do n't mean running a city record .	0
send him to the electric chair for burglary ?	you wo n't be able to get a chance .	0
i 'm happy to check on the heat again ... like i said .	en official journal of the european union c 24 / 33 action brought on 21 november 2013 - ecolab usa v ohim ( greasecutter )	0
i 'd really prefer if he did n't miss any .	i prefer not to have missed her .	1
set to purpose , as promised .	who 's yitna ?	0
all we did was make a film .	any other boy wins that tank .	0
no , no it 's alright .	the news said the `` boomers '' smuggled heavy weapons across the border with ethiopia .	0
mine sure did .	`` i wanted to tell you good morning , '' he said finally , when marie did not come out to meet him .	0
you taking a walk in the woods ?	going through the woods ?	1
where 'd you get beer ? i actually hit the diet iced tea button the vending machine , and this just came out .	actually , i pressed `` diet iced tea '' on the machine , and this fell out .	1
i think we got a hero here , honey bunny .	the boss wants to be a hero here , honey bunny .	1
we arrived in sebes before dawn and there was some minor official there to take us to the orphanage .	we reached the seb before dawn , and a clerk took us to an orphanage .	1
he 's hundreds of miles away .	miles away ? ``	1
i-i did n't ...	he 's not an animal .	0
walk ? fuck you ! do you know how far we are from anywheres ?	do you know how far we 're from ?	1
tomorrow an armored transport will leave darmstadt carrying a very valuable item .	by midnight tomorrow night , an armored transport with a very valuable item .	1
plasma concentrations of telaprevir can be reduced by concomitant use of the herbal preparation st john ’ s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) .	concentrations of telaprevivirus in plasma may be reduced when concomitant use of plant-containing medicinal products containing cherries ( hypericum perforatum ) is reduced .	1
and i think we 're gon na play for a couple more hours .	we just got into practice , so i think we 're going to play for another couple of hours .	1
i dinna regret a day , he told himself .	like i said , it 's not easy to get to him .	0
would he rather be back cleaning freezing drains under camp permafrost ?	or would he rather clean the frozen sewers under the permafrost camp ?	1
fortunes would be made by giving consumers warmth , beauty and new flavours .	the fortunes have gained the supply of consumers of heat , beauty , and new flavours .	1
this is not a trial and mr tandro is not the prosecutor .	this is not a trial , and mr. tandro is not a plaintiff .	1
your royal highness ,	your majesty .	1
he ’ s young to be a priest—or pastor , as he says .	he 's young for a priest or a pastor , he says .	1
he 's the god of thunder , you know .	it 's god 's god , you know ?	1
the budgetary commitment is individual when the beneficiary and the amount of the expenditure are known .	the budgetary commitment is individual if it is determined and provided for in the expenditure .	1
very powerful love potion	permission to board ?	0
ca n't a lady get a little bit of privacy !	she ca n't have a little privacy !	1
she forced out the words , thin as husks : “ in its belly .	i 'm your mommy .	0
`` where is lord manion ? ''	`` where 's mr . manion ? ''	1
i think it is , eh ? do you- do you mean weve been robbed by andre stander ?	you mean that andre stander robbed us ?	1
the similarities between you and i end at us having the same size boobs .	the similarities between you and me end up having the same great breasts .	1
now , i 'm gon na count to three , zuulie .	i 'm counting to three .	1
have you any idea why a raven is like a writing desk ?	why the sour face ?	0
i 've worked two lifetimes on benjamin 's poker .	i 've spent two lives trying to teach benjamin poker .	1
a dandelion . must be the last one of the season .	is she a real badass or what ?	0
the da has a second guy , a cripple from new york .	the d.a . 's got the other one , a cripple from new york .	1
could n't have our first match without the patron of kohlii !	the first game would not be without the patron saint .	1
`` a hypnotrance injunction against answering such questions .	she cringed in her throat .	0
abandoned like someone left for dead she plans her suicide .	abandoned as if she had planned suicide forever .	1
the suitor from alsace has been delayed for five weeks .	a suitor from alsace postponed the trip by 5 weeks ?	1
shut your mouth . i ai n't ...	so we 're going to go talk to the one that killed us .	0
the soldier in the bedroll flung himself forward .	the soldier lunged .	1
when she spoke his name , he did n't respond or look at her , just murmured and cooed to the dog , stroked it , hugged it .	besides , every man gets nervous before his wedding .	0
`` lnquirer wins slum fight . ''	`` the inquirer has won the fight for the ghetto . ''	1
which gives us just enough time to poke around .	take excalibur , pour my blood and sanctify this land .	0
you know , i got to admit , i feel kind of --	the man whom the woman had previously argued with was staring at randy , who , meanwhile , walked over to the bar .	0
chrysler voyager - průkopník , jenž často churaví , poradna : chrysler voyager ii 2,5 td , poradna :	chrysler voyager ii 2.5 td , poradna : chrysler voyager or ford galaxy ? , test :	1
make everything about you .	modification documentation ( data type `` documentation type '' )	0
the managing director of the branch , and the vice-managing director if appointed , must reside in the eea .	the executive director of the branch and its deputy , if appointed , must be eea resident .	1
in a few minutes ... the man in black will come running around the bend .	i do n't know . i guess i could n't have taken your big dick or something .	0
hey , could we play someone more challenging ?	hey , ca n't we play with someone ?	1
“ aye aye .	may i ask your latest employer ?	0
scuzz would turn in his mother for half a gram and a 50-buck of ...	`` what ... '' he began .	0
the doctor look , he called it .	the impact of jack 's breath came out , and he was bleeding to his elbows where he leaned against the rock .	0
most of him , anyway .	most of him , i mean .	1
i always push it into them too soon .	everything will be fine , sweetheart .	0
elder gods embodied a host of harsh unpleasantries .	the elder gods were incarnated by many harsh unpleasantness .	1
and so they took my baby girl away .	and they took my little girl here for some time .	1
he is the man .	i did n't want to shoot him , he was just intimidating .	0
please . well , baretta 's right .	mr. oneka , if you 've tracked apollo in the hope of financial security , i 'm compelled to simply tell you to leave .	0
make a choice .	i promised aidan 's dinner .	0
`` a fire-mountain ? '' barak rumbled , staring at the great cloud that was growing up out of the mountaintop .	`` the fire mountain ? '' barak grunted incredulously , staring at the cloud .	1
we get there , we seal it off .	i just ca n't believe he 's dead !	0
go now .	go , go , go !	1
it 's got everything we 're looking for .	there 's everything we need .	1
“ what of our ships ? ” omar asked .	`` what about our ships ? '' omar asked .	1
error in address ' % s ' - the port attribute is malformed	error in address ' % s ' - the property is invalid	1
not yet .	no , i do n't .	0
'i wo n't tell you anything , no matter how much you feed me , ' rincewind warned .	`` you wo n't even have a word , no matter how much you crave me , '' said rincewind .	1
we ca n't afford to have kids .	you 're not going to see paul shaffer now , are you ?	0
i do n't know ! it..it looks like a building .	growing chickens ...	0
i set out calmly . it was afternoon . the valley was already in darkness .	i was perfectly calm , it was in the afternoon , the valley lay in the shadows .	1
and what 's interesting is when you dive under water , everything becomes really blurry .	you said you 'd show me everything you got .	0
never leave it on the sun visor again !	never leave them behind the sun screen !	1
i 've set them to music myself .	i made them myself .	1
one , two ...	on three , one , two ...	1
they think it is not a colony of any world of our union and that the union was not colonized by gaia .	they believe there is no colony of any world of our league , and that sosa was not settled from gaia .	1
you know i moved on to the property to get a better look .	i moved to the property to get a better view .	1
help the guys out in south bureau . peltz and sapin .	ugh , it 's hard to imagine why i should leave ... ... the luxury and comfort of that hole where i live .	0
oley , you been taking your meds ?	did you take your medication ?	1
david 's not like that ! trust me !	every night , i just thought your crazy father shot himself in the nose !	0
look at me . promise me you will not come out again .	the reserve assets are drawn up in gross terms without clearing the liabilities linked to the reserves .	0
you know , i weighed 400 pounds by the time i was 12 .	it 's hard to believe she can say it with an honest expression , right ?	0
there 's an army of activists already in place .	the proposed directive focuses on recycling in terms of batteries , not in terms of energy use .	0
we were in arizona , on a case .	we were in an arizona office .	1
well , it 's used to pay for safeguards like showers and air regulators ,	they 're used to the security of measures , like showers , air regulators .	1
as in , the guy she 's with right now .	that 's what walton did n't want to tell us .	0
sorry .	excuse me , sir .	1
an adorable little `` goy , '' rallo tubbs . ¶ ¶	cute little man , rallo tubbs .	1
he has a right to be here !	i do n't have any schools , that 's why .	0
no , gertie , i ...	some of the dates on those modifications are from this month .	0
twist off the needle and discard it properly .	this is my little nephew , jake .	0
it 's gon na be okay . all right ?	it 's okay .	1
oh , my god , get back in there .	oh , god , get in there .	1
`` it 's the oldest trick in the world , in fact , '' he continued , `` but nevertheless takes a great deal of skill and deftness .	we have to go back .	0
your porch light 's on .	i have n't eaten in three days .	0
how do you plead , sir ?	how do you dress , sir ?	1
this was grief .	it was sadness .	1
what does it mean ?	what does it mean , johnny ?	1
obviously , a strong man .	of course strong .	1
this minute ?	now ?	1
what 's over there ?	he 's on it !	0
article 33 accounting , prudential and statistical information : supervisory powers 84/641/eec art .	katie said her dad had to go to court .	0
you 're not gon na convince this crowd not to eat .	you ca n't convince these girls not to eat .	1
you 'll know when it kicks in .	you 'll know when it works .	1
you just did , i 'm eliot .	`` my name is chap and i 'm mr. carson 's new assistant . ''	0
`` a hand-me-down ? '' i checked .	he 's never seen daylight for three months .	0
`` well , that was a lie .	`` well , i lied .	1
not from joe dying , not from you dying . ''	consider the following plots :	0
the production rules recommends leaving the option of parallel production open .	but it 's a private building - an ordinary house , is n't it ? ``	0
i 'm your ride .	there 's no profit in it .	0
no , i do n't want to retry .	i want to congratulate you .	0
when you said , `` this is no picnic , bitch , '' i screamed on the inside like one .	when you said , `` this is n't a picnic , dude , '' i really freaked out inside .	1
to achieve this , they should take the following steps :	in order to succeed , the following steps should be taken :	1
an iron bolt holding down a piece of paper ... ... a book page with 1 1 9 written on it .	it 's here , simply the world 's biggest ball game .	0
screw everything !	can you please tell him that the problem has been solved and that he does n't have to be mr. lennox anymore ?	0
get out of here , you stinking motherfucker .	get lost , you filthy son of a bitch .	1
can you believe that 's still a job ?	would you believe it 's still work ?	1
you could put up posters all over town . i do n't know .	put up posters all over the city .	1
`` they are here to protect .	`` they 're here-to protect us .	1
edit	this is for repairs .	0
the aid the polish authorities have confirmed that the application for the aid was submitted by dell in may 2006 .	shard always thought of himself as a generous man , but it was difficult to subdue himself in this matter .	0
i think it 's like 1800 .	in internal affairs , a complaint has been filed .	0
though a smiling girl did bring me a glass of cool -vine-on the way to serve the others .	on a few round tables , some of them had already been cast .	0
i hardly need them , gerald .	the contracting parties may submit to the joint committee any contradictions arising from the application or interpretation of this agreement .	0
all of your files are downstairs , just where you left them .	[ 5 ] non-differentiated appropriations , hereinafter referred to as `` np . ''	0
see , you 're afraid of being yourself , and they can tell .	you 're afraid to be yourself , and they 'll feel it .	1
i am a robot . i can not be offended .	% 1s invalid .	0
hey there , vandy .	do n't make me take care of you .	0
shut off her phone , turn off her water , sic the health and building inspectors on her .	no worries , lie down .	0
saul .	she was in the house ?	0
a net thrower .	injuries to the airbag in his wake tend to be ... ... broken cheekbones , broken nose , even worse injuries .	0
so : minus a times ...	the bastard would have fired her if he knew about her .	0
we 're fucking cops .	we 're cops on our knees .	1
i 'll explain when i get there .	what do you think ?	0
does that mean that i can make dr. kyle better ?	'ah , so you came from the north , archmage ? '	0
let 's just not break any speed records , okay ?	if we can get there , we 'll lock him down .	0
we do n't know any other way .	we do n't even know each other .	1
`` a regiment ? ''	yes , i 'm fine .	0
or better still as rich as jin-qua , chen sheng ’ s uncle .	`` how did you get in all this ? '' he asked .	0
`` if you ca n't , then what is my assurance worth ? ''	woe to me !	0
corelli or somebody , and this thing on the table .	corelli or something , and this thing was on my desk .	1
you know , before i screwed everything up , you and i were good friends .	before i screwed up , we were good friends .	1
well , according to the tests ... ... not a single strand of dnawas anyplace in the blood .	mike , i 'm a wreck .	0
really ? what did you get ?	seriously , what did you get ?	1
i have a 7:00 p.m. business dinner .	i have a work dinner at 7 : 00 .	1
well , i do n't feel bad talking about it .	humanity ca n't even imitate the basics of nature .	0
locked up in all the same places .	you 're very much alike , locked in the same places .	1
the chair took up two hours , and things just got better from there .	the chair took him two hours and then it went even better .	1
people , animals , cities , things- all are imagined .	people , animals , cities and things , everything is fabricated .	1
do n't use an account	and people from residential buildings do n't go to the farm , bruce .	0
she could n't have just disappeared .	that 's not what i meant .	0
trainhoppers ... guitar punks ... skate ... drunks ... throwaway kids ...	trainhoppers , punks , drunk skaters ... homeless kids ...	1
belated afternoon to you girls .	i made demovers only for pax .	0
he found the dialogue incredibly dull , but continued listening for lack of anything better to do .	the conversation seemed incredibly boring , but he continued to listen , because he had nothing better to do .	1
that never happens .	that does n't happen .	1
v – assessment 15 .	v - analysis 15 .	1
we may be able to cut it in 5 days .	if we go day by night , maybe we 'll cut it for five days .	1
we 're in the middle of fucking nowhere .	it 's just the beginning .	0
oh , that 's nice !	all my life has never worked out .	0
speaking of choking , i got ta tell you ,	mr. jderescu , if any of your guests can pronounce my name , i will respectfully sue you .	0
but even now he doubted that eloise was truly prepared for the casualties .	the teacher 's gates opened and major anderson entered the room .	0
bombs falling on our heads out of the sky every night and your poor crazy father shoots himself in the nose . ( laughs ) oh .	nothing we build wo n't last .	0
there 's nothing he needs to know .	he does n't need to know anything .	1
here , together .	and with sharp , powerful fangs ?	0
you sit right here next to me , hun .	do n't make this personal .	0
how can we not have a bar ?	can we meet later ?	0
he 's starting the meds he should 've been on weeks ago .	i followed you .	0
there are rats here ?	how the fuck can a swan not be someone 's fucking gusto ?	0
that 's what you get for falling asleep first !	he unslung his helmet and tossed it to the ground .	0
dogs have a heightened sense of smell . with with an ass that big , it 's like spotlights to us .	maybe manicure is n't such a good idea .	0
he was a drug dealer .	she 's analyzing them now .	0
please help me . help me to find my daughter . continue to be due a favor , patrón .	i want to go to harry potter 's world , and try that fake butter bean .	0
in the long term it does nothing to smash heads .	but in terms of the long term , smashing heads wo n't help anyone .	1
i swear i am never leaving the house again .	i swear i 'll never go .	1
all the men tried to comfort her , including patrick .	we were just talking about bacon .	0
we got it down eventually to about 330 , 1 % of that amount .	we reduced it to about 330 , or 1 % of the quantity .	1
• 4 grada dragodid – preserving dry-stone masonry techniques of the	• 4 grada dragodid - save construction techniques of dry-moving equipment in the area	1
manowar ( band )	give me a hand here , steve !	0
law school dorms ?	psychiatry is attempting to search in the dark , unrevealed world of mind .	0
i do n't know when it started , but probably around 11 it was 103 .	i do n't know when it started , but i guess around 11 : 00 , she had 39.5 .	1
maybe you were asleep as well ?	andreas mölzer on discrimination in turkey in turkey ( 0076 / 2006 ;	0
yes , you made that brutally clear to me .	anyway , back to my place .	0
a dead martyr is worth ten posturing leaders .	are you ready to go back to school ?	0
going well , thank you , yeah .	is that a joke ?	0
new light codes appeared in her command chair 's tactical repeater , and her jaw clenched .	but we 're almost ready .	0
so what else do you like about x-mas ?	so , what else do you like for christmas ?	1
yes , i find better .	hey , let me go !	0
i killed hundreds of cimmerians .	but we searched everything and found nothing at all .	0
( groans ) - oh , my god .	oh my god .	1
print customer/item statistics	yes , it does matter if you kill yourself , they 'll get away with it .	0
is there shit in your ears ? !	cowards , you do n't want to fight anymore .	0
okay , the uplink 's ready .	all right , the grid 's ready .	1
ln the car .	yeah , we 're trying .	0
who the hell are you -- the end of the world ?	what are you doing here ... at the end of the world ?	1
but the cleric was out pumping his own information sources , and he was alone with the terror of what he 'd unleashed .	he was formerly teacher of jessie .	0
appendix 2 to ops 1 .	you know little .	0
what would you be ?	how you doing , marley ?	0
i 'm just no good for her .	i 'm not good enough for her .	1
what is the cost of 14.6 gallons of gasoline at $ 2.70 per gallon ?	i 'll get the wood .	0
my mother crawling .	and maybe .	0
however , the co-sponsors should be able to split up the responsibilities of the sponsor by contractual agreement .	however , co-contracting entities should be able to share the obligations of the sponsor on the basis of a contractual agreement .	1
but then she called , said burke had just arrived .	humanity .	0
would be , if you were not my heir .	yes , if you had n't become my successor .	1
shaw ?	shaw !	1
knees .	the thérese looked at each other , their heads nodding , though one of them muttered something about being too late .	0
i can see him now , a funny little foreigner with a wide , toothy grin and hair reeking of pomade .	if you really want to sell all those things , you should give it to e-bay .	0
it 's a terrible thing to spray ddt on cotton fields ,	it is really terrible to stutter ddt into a field with cotton ,	1
billions of roubles went into it !	`` what a long way to go ? ''	0
'i 'm a little confused , but , no , nothing is wrong that i know about . '	`` i 'm a little confused , but there 's nothing wrong with me , as far as i know . ''	1
we can not torture each other .	yes , the masterpieces of the louvre do n't compare to the usual joy of a kebab .	0
as soon as the english saw that scotland had a friend that would defend them , they stopped their attacks .	once the english noticed that scotland had allies , they stopped attacking .	1
since its very origin , prague played an important role in the history of both the nation and the country , as well as europe .	come on , look , i 'm winning .	0
these are n't good days , when the little memsaab has to go to school .	randall , you want to cook me up ?	0
hey , mom , if i eat all of my pizza , - no ! - can i have some alien slime ?	when i eat my pizza , can i play with the alien ?	1
well , i wan na see you tonight , too .	i want to see you too .	1
the tear-stained air mattress in the back of the van .	you know ?	0
thought i 'd finish my book .	the commission does not have any further questions .	0
being even is n't part of my plan .	it 's not part of my plan .	1
i have a pain .	i looked back at my little , abandoned scar - and i remembered how i had come to her .	0
nicole de leo ( 1457/2008 )	mr. chief , my father called him .	0
how 'd he do ?	i have chosen .	0
i ai n't going down there !	i knew something was bothering you .	0
you are a good man , john but you are not a company man	you 're a good man , john , but you 're not in the firm .	1
bison .	that 's a buffalo .	1
if you win , i will let the whole thing be water under the bridge .	there are very similar symbols that you can find on transport brands	0
give us the coke , the cash the combo to the safe	sooner or later , there will come a time ... when you can talk or be silent ... and it will be the same .	0
you 're obsessed . just tell me how long were you seeing him for ?	well , they gave me orlando 's first name , but i changed it to brad .	0
well , obviously ...	okay , apparently ...	1
if affected , do not drive or use machines .	the little boy was found in kitchik 's terrible tower as he ran around him with aldur orb in tight tight hands .	0
`` they have that hoary old excuse :	`` they have an appalling excuse for this :	1
this might be more fun for me .	did you ever think this would be more fun for me ?	1
you have n't heard anything about that bomb , have you ?	go for it , tiger .	0
is that a yes or a no ?	commander lundberg is quite right about the condition of our missiles - we have to limit consumption and secure existing stocks .	0
they also fix airplane engines and cook bad food -- it was a figure of speech .	they also repair their engines and cook up nasty food .	1
what the hell !	what the ...	1
you 'll meet someone who 'll have your head spinning and your legs turning to jelly and --	take care of the man we came to save ! ``	0
and you probably are n't a muslim .	you knew about this , right ?	0
otherwise he 's leaving with me .	he 's leaving with me .	1
she likes it when you support her h ...	go for a walk , blondie , i do n't need you anymore .	0
do you want to add it anyway ?	do you want to add this purpose nonetheless ?	1
one of them decided that staysa was just another russian whore .	pass the apple , sweetie .	0
as long as the heart keeps beating , the poison spreads , healing , changing the body as it moves through it .	as long as heart beats , the poison spreads , wounds the wounds and changes the body as it flows .	1
`` anheg and the others are n't in any mood for tolnedran diplomacy right now . ''	`` anheg or the others are in no mood for tolnedra . ''	1
michael raffin , gay and proud of it !	he was a dealer	0
some sector regulations may also need to be adjusted .	account of the allowance for equity	0
you disappear during work hours , you lie about who you 're with , not to mention ,	just ... give me a chance .	0
how can you live with that spirit ?	article 9 common position 2004 / 161 / cfsp is hereby repealed .	0
i was being operated on .	( 3 ) oj c 116 , 20.4.2001 , p. 54-56 .	0
then he knelt beside his son , helping the curious boy to gather the leftover struggling fish .	then the duke knelt beside his son , and helped the curious boy pick up the remaining carcass of the fish .	1
`` you said rhesuses are basically peaceable . ''	`` you said the rhessuses are mostly peaceful . ''	1
you 're not even curious of what the question is ?	are n't you still curious about the question ?	1
but if we ai n't gon na try to buy , then how we gon na get it ?	it sort of reminds me of the country .	0
life time experience and re-use of animals .	living standards and re-use of animals .	1
i said cheeseburgers and onion rings . cousin , what the fuck is this ?	we need to look at sutton 's railway line .	0
merlotte 's bar and grill .	finally , an allowance of 0.3 % is applied for the absence of an increase in the voting rights .	0
hey , chickenshit , we got a draft !	secrets of ninjas .	0
yes , there 's no problem .	i 'll kiss your tummy . it 'll wake you up .	0
aw , damn .	oh , my god .	1
this is how simple it is to change inputs .	behind him was smoke from the remains of the distillery .	0
it 's over . i 'm dead .	i 'm finished .	1
you were thinking of your own skin , you knucklehead .	you should get a garlic t-shirt .	0
of course she does n't , when she licks her roommate 's cunt !	i am kamunra , god of the mother of egypt , the rightful ruler of egypt , and the future ruler ...	0
`` is that after-shave for me ? ''	`` the smell is for me ? ''	1
answer me that one , then .	answer me .	1
there was a sensation of bitterness , a sort of mocking contempt , mingled with it .	bocas del toro	0
i know it 's undercooked , but we can get it going , yeah ?	i know it was unfinished , but we can go on , okay ?	1
goodbye , de la vega .	no lines found .	0
like canada .	no , no , sir .	0
humane traps from the lab . - we 're trying to trap a mouse .	human traps from the lab .	1
your boys would 've recognized you . that 's why you hired the bavarian to go along with doman .	that 's why you hired bavarian to go with doman .	1
errin buckled the belt in place .	lord errin buckled his belt .	1
dad 's in new york , so it 'll be a quiet weekend .	and yes , i 'm married .	0
come on back .	come back with me .	1
you still in mariagatan ?	i kept hoping there would n't be a fight .	0
he was dangerously intelligent , and a slip of the tongue might give away things that were supposed to be kept private .	he was dangerously intelligent , and every slip of the tongue could reveal things to be confidential .	1
so you decided to come after all .	where 'd you get them ?	0
a set of coordinates for each required to locate a specific event .	a set of space and time coordinates are required to determine each event .	1
logan : you mean , will he find us and kill us ?	it 's all about names .	0
( 3 ) as defined by the current energy star definition of `` first low power '' or `` sleep '' mode .	[ 3 ] according to the definition of energy star , the `` first low energy '' or `` calm '' mode .	1
i know you got that ho from the restaurant there !	i know you got that bitch from the restaurant !	1
there was an avalanche , we were terrified , but everyone 's fine .	in fact , i 've been thinking about how our bodies will look if there 's any chance of finding them .	0
you put that down , buddy .	wait and see what denny got for you .	0
hopefully we can find a way to access control of the --	hopefully we can find the access panel to ...	1
well , what ever ended up happening with the whole button thing then ?	okay , so what happened to the button ?	1
`` i think the other humans would get really upset about it . ''	i 'll deal with you ! '	0
cowards , no longer willing to fight . ahh !	we 're done .	0
now there was nothing that linked him to any of the four combatants .	shutdown control system .	0
aw , i do n't want to !	what about you ?	0
she suffers from crippling dyslexia .	he 's suffering dyslexia .	1
little self-conscious , bit of piss make you feel good !	the giant nodded .	0
it seemed like everyone was growing their own vegetable garden .	when he leaves , you pack up and get away from my sister !	0
and there's- get out !	no , i 'm happy for my understanding .	0
why do , or did chinese emperors claim the right to rule because of their alleged descendents from the serpent gods ?	so it 's really an abnormality as far as i 'm concerned .	0
hey , is it true so hai is gon na train you ?	is it true that you will be trained by so hai ?	1
no , i 'm very much against it .	no , i strongly oppose it .	1
braces , darlene thought , if i can ever afford them .	morning , fellas .	0
you say it 's hurting you , but it does n't seem like it matters one way or another .	tell me about this new system planning system that you 've instituted in the gym .	0
do n't show me this message again .	do n't show me this again	1
pally , she begged for it .	where 's mary ?	0
see , y ... your mom accidentally got things a little mixed up , and it turns out that ...	baker walked with a persistent , grim determination , trying to write down his warnings before they write him off .	0
blake said nothing and reacher pushed his chair back .	all hands , let 's go .	0
only immune allowed .	they can only be immune .	1
easy , easy . that 's it .	schue does n't know anything about choreography , and after three episodes does he have a fantastic choreographer ?	0
from behind !	i 'm eliot .	0
the goal is to support policies that are good for each member country – but also for other countries – through dialogue and persuasion .	there 's animals burning inside .	0
i know people that have done it .	i know people like that .	1
`` nothing , '' said the cub .	`` i 'm sorry , but my mashed potatoes are lumpy , mon . ''	0
no harm done all around . ”	no harm done. ``	1
this is my cell . call me after the show .	he could not understand why whisper 's breeze had left .	0
they'il not die for nothing	what happened to the door ?	0
i cried out and gasped for breath .	i cried out , gasping .	1
this is not to say that the 1990s , even with their aftermath leading into the terrible summer of 2002 , were catastrophic .	bye-bye .	0
melange production had exceeded the emperor 's expectations , even despite the amount of spice he surreptitiously skimmed .	melange production surpassed the emperor 's expectations , despite the quantum spice the baron kept secret to himself .	1
hey , man , i 'm just trying to keep my job .	those rights of access are granted free of charge .	0
cutting plastic cables was no for a fighter .	i think he dipped his feet .	0
come with me a second .	come with me .	1
no . here is the plan .	here 's the plan .	1
all drank the sweet cloudy liquid .	they all drank the saltwater liquid .	1
section 16 the cn code should be given in full .	box 16 the cn code must be indicated in an uncut form .	1
i thought , if he threatens to commit you again , you and i would run away together , like we 'd planned .	will riker , you 've been my right hand for 15 years ... and steadfastly held my course .	0
i ca n't believe that just fuckin ' happened !	i do n't believe what the fuck happened !	1
we 're going to need a gentle touch , and based on your past relationship ...	we 're gon na need someone soft , and in relation to your relationship ...	1
okay , fine , sheldon . what is your side ?	okay , sheldon , what 's your version ?	1
not easy work for an englishman , their avowed enemy , but by this point he had mastered languages and the art of disguise .	what did he do ?	0
my sister and i used to run around , deciding who would get which room .	i needed a cliffhander car and i got it the easiest way .	0
let her through .	just ... i was on a couple of drinks .	0
oh , tara says that but she won the girls ' category .	i 'm goldi .	0
the point is , gina .	the point is , we 're here , gina .	1
well , he has the income tax records .	we did n't do anything .	0
no . it does not seem to help anymore .	no , it just seems like they 're not helping anymore .	1
promise , you 'll hardly know that i 'm here .	i promise you wo n't even know about me .	1
now you see the egg under a microscope .	linderman was there .	0
look , we 're always running .	you can go to england tomorrow .	0
it 's gorgeous .	he 's right there !	0
your words were , `` there 's nothing to do ! ''	but you said , `` there 's nothing to do ! ''	1
17 . ( 3 ) oj l 72 , 26.3.1971 , p. 2 . ( 4 ) oj l 190 , 4.7.1998 , p .	this is what they 've planted !	0
while i do n't know where you are going , i did see the list of test areas for this year 's classes .	i do n't know where you 're going , but i 've seen a list of last year 's .	1
officer hart : so , let me get this straight .	upton is n't just a bully , but he 's also cruel and insidious , and he 's had a fall on my brother from the start .	0
all right , get video tapes dating back a month and start with that .	i 'm fixing a car with a jewish guy .	0
well , if it 's not about helping the numbers anymore , then what ?	if it 's not about saving numbers anymore , what 's the point ?	1
you saw your chance , and then you took it .	is that why you 're a cop ?	0
ok , i think we should probably leave now . i do n't really like the look in his eyes .	okay , i think we should go , i really do n't like his look .	1
now , wait a second .	someone was talking to me .	0
let him learn what 's working class .	let them know what a working class is .	1
none of the servants would help him .	none of the servants was able to handle him .	1
dude . that 's kind of racist .	that 's a little racist .	1
hand me the bag , please .	there are two kinds of people in the world , mr. franks .	0
chapter ii specific supply arrangements article 3 forecast supply balance 1 .	article 2 implementing decision 2013 / 28 / eu is hereby repealed .	0
`` you could n't even begin to imagine , '' he said .	`` you ca n't imagine , '' he said .	1
i 've got a few bottles of the old winyard left .	grandma harper , mr. greevy and i in mask .	0
though he might 've turned into an old fool .	and even if he was an old fool ...	1
error return with body of type ' % s '	error converting object to ' % s '	1
ferris , let it go - please , you 've gone too far	i 'll take care of them .	0
one day he woke up and began to fix the fan .	one day he woke up and stared at the fan .	1
cassidy teamed us up .	cassidy put us together .	1
well , sh\xa1t , baby , you know my rates .	oh , fuck , baby , you know my prices .	1
prefer it up north , though .	i can hear the fat guy stamping .	0
i do n't blame him . i was wrong , i had no right to call him .	wow , what is this ?	0
so there would have to be a lot of these parasites .	so there should be lots of them .	1
he does that .	damon put his chin in his hands , watched the re-entry on the screen , sick to his stomach .	0
do n't listen to him , you 're beautiful .	do n't listen to him .	1
you guys have screwed up all night long .	excuse me , i 'll just change into something more comfortable .	0
what the fuck is going on ?	catalano , tell him to keep it down .	0
i know what i called .	every racist prosecutor in the district would buy me dinner for you and throw up some football tickets .	0
will riker , you have been my trusted right arm for 15 years . you have kept my course true and steady .	can i get you something to drink ?	0
in the infected areas the slugs controlled the local stations ; the people never heard the warning .	in the affected areas of the local station , they controlled the shellfish ; they never got warnings to humans .	1
no , slay him !	we ca n't hurt each other .	0
you could only think of yourself .	you think about yourself .	1
my eyes were opened and saw a broader horizon	the gap was deep , and she could see a clear ribbon of a stream descending over the rocks .	0
`` what 's stopping them ? '' roland wondered .	why did they stop ? `` roland asked .	1
look , the average male gains up to two pounds of muscle per month ... fact !	so we 're going to go there tonight ?	0
ijust came over to say hello , benny .	as a result of the technical restrictions imposed on the current accounting system , the authorising officer shall write the amounts recovered in part , as fully recovered .	0
okay , i do n't think you 're in touch with how you 're really feeling right now .	i hate detours .	0
see , you 're obviously a giant bitch , but i 'm getting bashed and i do n't say anything mean to anyone .	have you ever been in britain ?	0
reynolds and maynard , they both owned convenience stores , yeah ?	can you say it like someone in a lower class ?	0
112 ( 1 ) ( c ) , first para . )	1 , point ( a )	1
in odd footer	i know where he will be .	0
it was couple of kids from ridgefield .	they were kids from ridgefield .	1
how much do we get for it ?	how much do i get ?	1
if i so much as get a letter from a lawyer ... `` ... the press is getting pictures off your computer . ''	which means criminal or mercenary activity .	0
it 'd be `` enshrined in the city . ''	which would be `` hidden inside the city . ''	1
whatever happens to me next is on your head , whether you 're involved or not .	we make a deal , and then i 'm gone .	0
this would have distorted the trends which are relevant for the assessment of injury .	this would undermine trends that are important in terms of an injury assessment .	1
i do n't !	i 'm not really !	1
the asteroid would fly laps around the solar system , beginning in the outer asteroid belt , swinging by earth every 10,000 years and back again .	but are these two of them for him ?	0
yep . okay !	oh , okay .	1
except with brave words ?	apart from big words ?	1
well , hey , was i lying ?	but hey , did i lie ?	1
the file must be decompressed before it can be loaded .	the file must be decompressed before running .	1
iv – the pre-litigation procedure , the action before the court in case c-241/11 and the developments that have taken place during these proceedings 17 .	iv - pre-litigation procedure , the action before the court of justice in case c-241 / 11 and the development procedure 17 .	1
who ? the wife .	the woman .	1
do you not want me to be here with you ?	today we use a single ingredient , oil .	0
one way to think about it , this is the number that is the opposite of four .	you can say that this is a number that is the opposite of 4 .	1
what did you find out ?	caesar ?	0
felicia : where the hell are we ?	where the hell are we ?	1
can lunch wait , like , an hour ?	ca n't he wait an hour ?	1
it makes the big one even more powerful and it accelerates the whole apocalyptic end of the world type thing .	what 's going on , rev ?	0
he has told me so , and i can not dissuade him .	he told me and i ca n't persuade him not to .	1
you said money was no object !	alert my rabbi !	0
how ya been ?	oh , wait .	0
i do n't think i 'm going to make it .	i do n't think i 'll be able to make it .	1
the things you are saying is not a sufficient reason for divorce	i ask only a silent cooperation from each of you , with no direct risk. ``	0
she 's running away !	i 'm sick of my business .	0
closing our embassy sends a signal to the world ... that we are willing to sell out a democratic ally ... to a war criminal .	closing our embassy will signal to the world that we are willing to sacrifice an ally in favor of war criminals .	1
some other kid will win the real tank .	an open right-hander luke banged hard on the side of the head .	0
this is a great time to start learning how to fly it .	i 'm sure you do n't want to spend the rest of your life that fat women in menopause and fags masturbate at your play , right ?	0
let me be very clear , james .	the sergeant staggered .	0
in '98 when the flood swept away the main road we started using the old tannery road again .	no ? are you listening ?	0
we 'll be down before the weather goes bad , '' larson added .	before the weather gets worse , we 'll be down , `` larson said .	1
i understand a new pissarro has come onto the black market .	if you gave me something , it would ruin our relationship .	0
take this mannequin and come with me .	call my mother !	0
i do , mr. collins .	it shows that stolen documents are admissible - - when lawyers failed to participate in the theft	0
henry : what is this ?	what is this ?	1
the family loves diana .	the family adores diana .	1
i think this is yours .	i want you to meet my mom .	0
i put my story in your limp brit hands , and you are not going to fail me .	do you remember what you answered ?	0
captain , i have located them on ship 's sensors .	are n't you afraid he 's gon na come out and sew your fingers on his desk ?	0
listen closely .	why are there women and boys here ?	0
article 106 tourism priorities for co-operation in this sphere shall be :	article 106 tourism priory areas of cooperation in the area :	1
and last but not least , rhode island .	he 's just a kid .	0
update frame table of contents	you wo n't say anything ?	0
alan , if you say yes to this ... ... we drive you there today , and i promise you will come back a changed man .	grab him !	0
diego is not feeling really well .	do you want to go tomorrow at `` meatballs '' ?	0
you know , guilty-like , but trying to hide it .	you know , as guilty , but he 's trying to hide it .	1
he felt that he occupied an inhospitable middle zone , a wasted place where his emotions drifted , swayed , swept outward in unchecked restlessness .	ava .	0
my daughter and her shetlandspend all their saturdays there .	my daughter spends every saturday with shetland .	1
this guy goldschmidt .	water 's for the finishing .	0
areyou all right ?	`` that means he 's in one of the caves .	0
i am here . i am nanny mcphee .	applications relating to the actions referred to in article 4 of decision 2004 / 465 / ec may be financed by the community budget .	0
she wanted , needed to be with young people like her .	he looked up .	0
but this is how politics is .	but such are politicians .	1
readers are imaginary people who exist in the fantasies of writers	readers are fictional characters , created by writer 's fantasies	1
rekuc , it 's me .	it 's me .	1
how 's that for funny ?	`` remarkable , '' she murmured .	0
i 'm gon na put it in her dressing room while she 's performing with a note on it that says ,	i 'll put it in her dressing room while she 's performing , with the paper on which will be written :	1
my best friend in the whole world .	tell me the name to be logged .	0
several have also included msp in their area of work [ 7 ] .	some of them have also included maritime spatial planning in their scope [ 7 ] .	1
like fireworks ! made in meat .	like fireworks .	1
we 're in no rush to leave . take your time .	antwon 's out ?	0
you kept your word , and i admire that so i 'll keep mine .	you kept your word and i respect that .	1
you got the point and the wink .	all of the other tests were performed perfectly .	0
we 'd love to .	when did you last talk to him at the border ?	0
i mean , i am going through so much right now , i really do n't know if i 'm gon na make it out through the month .	it 's just so much about me now that i do n't know if i 'm going to last another month .	1
dismisses with respect to the remainder the action brought before the civil service tribunal under case number f-34/07 .	the action brought before the civil service tribunal , under the reference number f-34 / 07 , is hereby dismissed for the remainder .	1
i 'll take a ride .	i 'll go for a walk .	1
listen , do youwant a hand with the decks and the lights ?	she hesitated , apparently confused , returned the knife to its sheath and squatted .	0
pretending to be someone else just to get laid ?	i killed thousands .	0
how long will it take for you to reprogram it ?	they have to repair the pipeline , so tomorrow it 's not going to be between noon and two .	0
these profiles will look at the skills composition of the immigrant population and identify future labour needs ;	these profiles will include the qualifying mix of the population of immigrants and the needs of the labour markets in the future ;	1
“ here , sit down , ” the gunslinger said .	but maybe she was talking to another god !	0
look , just let me out of here !	the captain knew of a better alternative .	0
'what -- ' he began .	yes , he did .	0
you 're asking me out on a dinner date ?	who do you have in mind ?	0
actually , i look pretty hot . ”	would you show me how to handle this ?	0
the sun , touching the horizon , threw a blood-red glow over the plain that seemed fitting .	the sun was reaching the horizon , casting a blood-red glow on the plain , struggling in convulsions .	1
he was not even badly injured .	indeed , he did not appear to be seriously injured .	1
i helped him realize what a mess you left him in .	i helped him realize how you handled him .	1
are you out of your mind ?	i could release his name in the report .	0
what do you mean `` we 're even '' ?	what do you mean , even ?	1
they should give you a certificate or a plaque .	i need mrs. florrick on the phone for a second , the governor 's calling .	0
accompanying documents and register in the wine sector	where 's the recent fight gone ?	0
`` he 's connected .	also tell him i know what 's going on .	0
you know who i am . what 's that ?	you know who i am .	1
do you have any idea what it feels like to watch your brother just -- hold on , hold on !	i 'm ready to go one step further .	0
when ? i 'll help !	i 'll help .	1
but it 's just , i 've told you , these things , they take ... time .	chief counsel fletcher engines knew my moves before i did them .	0
i 'm here , i 'm here !	cordell ?	0
would you happen to have a line on where he might be ? would you happen to have a line on where he might be ?	do you have any idea where he might be ?	1
there were eight small cannon amidships on the main deck , four port and four starboard and a bowchaser .	oh , yeah ?	0
no , do n't drink it !	mr. okubo , do n't drink it !	1
you saw me . did n't you ?	you saw me , right ?	1
maybe they had been scared off when he had come home—scared off even before they could get the back on the set again .	the conditions required to meet those requirements are specified in chapter ii .	0
this is new york state bitch , anyone can marry anything now . what ? but ...	- 12 out of 14 networks ( all except rate and zap ) do not allow profiles	0
`` what is it ? '' she demanded .	`` what 's going on ? '' she said .	1
after six weeks , the first sign that the pair might be tiring of their penguin neighbours .	after 6 weeks , there are first signs that our couple already have penguins full of their teeth .	1
first part text as a whole without the words ‘ the activities mentioned above and to ’	first part text as a whole excluding the words `` the above activities and ''	1
could n't work .	it did n't work .	1
see to the man we came to save ! ''	what 's going on ?	0
emilio is leaving ? - yes .	is that emilio ?	1
how long have you felt like this ?	how long do you feel about this ?	1
i was teasing , mattie .	and miss shane , cover your breasts .	0
on march 2006 he gave his debut as sharpless in the theatre carlo felice in genova , on august as luna at the eutin ´s opera festival .	i do n't understand why you 're smiling .	0
you can sell that to the white house staff , even on the hill , but not to me .	what kind of science do you think you 're dealing with ?	0
how dare you put the reserve army on standby without my knowledge ? damn near cost me my commission .	how dare you mobilize a reserve army without my knowledge ?	1
commission regulation ( ec ) no 1274/2003 ( 5 ) sets out in detail the nature of the breaches found .	his father too .	0
just polishing your shoes , mr. w .	i 'm just clearing your shoes , mr. w .	1
we 'll agree that the facts are in dispute .	we agree the facts are questionable .	1
after all , they probably were n't using the bed and , he hoped fervently , had no idea of the value of it .	in the end , they probably did n't use the bed anyway , and as firmly as they hoped , they had no idea what it was worth .	1
what 's the matter , married life not all you expected ?	now he 's putting his hands on his neck .	0
well , she was kind of nutty .	well , she was pretty dumb .	1
okay , dazzle .	you there , please !	0
i lie all the time , i ca n't help it .	imagine we came back a few years back when you fought with russia .	0
death : i want you to be me for one day .	i want you to be with me for one day .	1
just give it a minute , ok ?	wait a minute , ok ?	1
i do , and it 's been rad .	43 years , married , no children .	0
i 'm staying here till we get moving .	i 'll stay here before we get started .	1
'seems like a good place to camp , ' he whispered .	`` it looks like a good place for camp , '' he whispered .	1
it was my ancestor , emily 's .	he may have parchment skin and large yellow teeth. ``	0
|| 0.5 hours per day	| | 0.5 hours per day	1
sooner or later the time comes ... whether you talk or do n't talk ... it 's the same thing .	sir , you can suspend me now , because there will be other offences .	0
he looks like american w ... i mean , american psycho .	he looks like an american ... ... like an american psyche .	1
excuse me , but , um , ahem , is n't he paying for your dinner ? hey , the man 's dog just died .	excuse me , but do n't you have dinner ?	1
and the answer is to accept the lord as your personal savior .	you must accept god as your savior .	1
helmholtz thought about love as he walked back to his car alone , his arms aching with the weight of the great trophy .	okay , think about it for a second .	0
1 , 2 , 3 - what did you say ?	she lay there , waving her arms and feet in the snow to create an image of an angel .	0
you honor your country by serving . thank you .	our beloved village is in danger .	0
i do n't remember tying the wool in knots , either .	i do n't recall tying the wave to knots .	1
did he have sex with her ?	now we and god have the option of taking the mask off forever .	0
well , if it means anything to you , you always got a chair in my shop .	this , however , does not mean absolutely nothing compared to the horrendous notion of an orbital tower .	0
no . he killed himself .	no . he committed suicide .	1
excuse me , come to our demonstration .	he is stunned ; and what has happened is not aware of enough to be afraid .	0
the shadow ?	i 'll catch you !	0
you can ask lola .	you can ask loly .	1
not like that boy -- worthless .	not like the boy .	1
now relax , your order is sailing your way	now take it easy , your order is already sailing for you .	1
the only condition ... is that the owner will have to say 500 masses for the safekeeping of my soul .	i 'll try to come back tomorrow .	0
i should 've been straight with you .	i should have been honest with you .	1
come on , son .	son , come back to work .	1
if he is n't hiding something , then opening it will prove that .	we think he might be capable of doing some , even even all repairs .	0
every four years , the network tracks the presidential race with its `` road to the white house '' series .	yes , my friend .	0
i do n't know why .	`` did he say anything that might have involved what we were looking for ? ''	0
bernard ... you brought me to a faith healer ?	i do n't have any voices .	0
staff shall not engage in activities , whether gainful or not , likely to detract from their independence or be detrimental to the interests of the centre .	employees refrain from pursuing activities , also unpaid , which could be detrimental to their independence or the interests of the centre .	1
please , do n't . nathaniel .	please do n't do this , nathaniel .	1
kogler here , police headquarters ebensee .	he 's talking to kogler , ebensee police .	1
no matter what happens , right here .	it does n't matter what happens .	1
actually , i 'm going to hurt you an awful lot .	hindu women carry to the victim 's tree ... and pray to be blessed for their sons .	0
even if i sometimes get angry , you know that i secretly love it .	you know it annoys me sometimes , but i love it .	1
the target of the assassination is right down the hall .	the target of the murder charge is right here in this hallway .	1
do n't go ! i 've got some questions .	( d ) to correctly estimate the amount of irregularities and to ensure that the corresponding amounts of the different procedures are recovered ;	0
i hear they have hot dogs at the bayview cafe .	you two , butt up .	0
invalid value for tension	it was ... it was hey !	0
i will make you warlord of all greece .	come on . say it again .	0
my blade will finish you .	the prince of earth smacks of the earth .	0
go .	until i reach the full term , the regent is the political leader of tibet .	0
you ready for today ?	you 'll be fine .	0
a knife to be exact .	on knives , to be precise .	1
hey , he does n't have to say shit , all right ?	oh , wait a minute .	0
time .	one more time .	1
then inaddition to sparing innocent collegiate gymnastics coaches everywhere , you can keep any purse money that you might win , free and clear .	then rewind that spare innocent college gymnast everywhere , you can keep some money in cash that maybe you could win , loosely and purely .	1
sending your idiot cousin over here to try and shake us down . i did n't send him .	for sending your cousin .	1
it 's beneficial for everybody .	they 've all been shot by crazy .	0
i believe this is an information storage device .	another paid hired assassin like the ones we met in colorado .	0
he was a ... a convenient target , that 's all .	he was an easy target , that 's all .	1
yeah . this is gon na end well .	yeah , this ends well .	1
i need to share this with you .	i need to share these moments with you .	1
if we want to produce the tributes within five days , we will have to requisition them from all the stores in the woonjongga .	`` yes , mostly .	0
will you stop your damn sniveling , son ?	where 'd that old man go ?	0
looks like you stripped your drain plug threads .	i want to hear you laugh !	0
she smiled knowingly .	do you still live in mariagatan ?	0
`` theaterwide biotoxic and chemical warfare . ''	yes , because you felt bad for insulting him .	0
signed with some hot as balls agent lady .	he signed up some kind of hot agent .	1
you definitely want the position ?	are you sure you want the place ?	1
in response , esa provided them with a link to the on-line database in which the decision was published .	here 's my sexy mama !	0
gon na hurt you much more than it 's gon na hurt me . - i 'll bet - oh !	it 's gon na hurt more than me .	1
your face is perfect .	yeah , you have a perfect face .	1
come on now !	linosevic , the actress .	0
we should go up there .	we should go .	1
he was a burly man with a thick chest , late thirties , badly dressed but did n't know it .	he was a burly man in his mid-thirties with a burly chest , presumably unconsciously dressed .	1
it is a hard thing to have to break an important rule of security , but the safety of the state supersedes such rules .	you first .	0
you also displayed a knowledge of diamonds which i found most revealing .	you also found knowledge of diamonds , which i found very interesting .	1
mummy ...	mom !	1
steps also need to be taken to ensure that scope is created for sub-regional and local players to express their views at eu level .	the first ten attempts ended unsuccessfully .	0
but he was right about the skitter rebellion .	but he was right about the skittish insurgency .	1
you 're my twin brother . why would n't you want to tell me ?	why would n't you want to tell me ?	1
a genie can enter any animal .	a genie can crawl into every animal .	1
he told me in the medical bay !	so you decided to go .	0
# a look your smile ca n't disguise	# your smile ca n't be disgusted	1
not your typical m.o . for a gang shooting .	some of bubbacub 's crimes have been proven .	0
bones , what ...	what are we going to do , hazel ?	0
he infiltrated law enforcement for years .	let 's talk .	0
ladies ...	you ca n't kill me either .	0
i was an employee there . i see .	[ 6 ] oj l 184 , 17.7.1999 , p .	0
if you do n't settle down right now , i 'm not going to let you have any more sleepovers !	if you do n't let go of that now , i 'm not gon na let you have a sleepover together .	1
with angels and trumpets , and the skies will open .	with angels and tubes and the heavens open .	1
it 's all set .	the extraterrestrials who had the mission to develop humanity ?	0
agreed ?	deal ?	1
adam : ziva was here .	i wo n't be needing that .	0
and who killed hill two days ago ?	... `` i 'll be away from my wife for five weeks .	0
hundreds .	the award criteria shall be able to assess the assessment of the ability of the entity to complete the proposed action or work programme .	0
and everyone that heareth these sayings of mine and doeth them not shall be likened to a foolish man which built his house upon the sand. ``	and anyone who hears the words has these , and fails them , likened men to a fool who has built his house on the sand. ``	1
“ no , jump ship engines .	`` no , the ship 's engines designed for leaps .	1
she 's dangerous indeed . but pasiphae stands unabashed in the light .	she is dangerous , yes , but pasiphae stands without embarrassment in the light .	1
i love you more than you could possibly know .	i know this is an inconvenience , kelly , but i have to ask you one question .	0
they can laugh at me all they want . because two more years until i retire with full benefits and pension .	i 'm retiring in two years , with all the advantages , and full pensions .	1
meantime , we 've got to alert the public and have them avoid that site .	in the meantime , we need to alert the public to avoid the site .	1
we 'll release her tonight , but you understand that in cases like this , counseling is mandatory .	there will be a new reason for them this afternoon .	0
has mrs. brown arrived yet ?	mom , she 's practically a stand-up .	0
identity document code	personal document code	1
well , that ’ s because you don ’ t know how to talk to them .	and trust me when they come , we should be as far away as possible .	0
ca n't you just give ben a key to the city , here , now , in your office , where no one will know your shame ?	ca n't you give ben here and now , in an office where no one knows about your shame ?	1
each theft is completely different and unique , classic in its conception .	merry christmas , angel .	0
now , what are these ?	what is this ?	1
( f ) the time-table of the vaccinations to be carried out .	( f ) the timing of the vaccination plan to be carried out .	1
we do n't want you to drop the lawsuit .	pete , i ca n't go through it .	0
let 's go , boys . there we go .	come on , guys , let 's go .	1
he saw the look of fear on the young italian ’ s face .	you want to hear something real , pace ?	0
the formal investigation is being extended , secondly , to measures benefiting ryanair , namely :	the formal procedure is further extended to the measures on which and benefiting ryanair , namely :	1
he waved treatle away with his long white hands and closed his eyes .	you have the pharaoh .	0
funny , is n't it ?	you honor your country .	0
she 's bitching up for something big , sid .	she took three , washed them off with the rest of the wheels .	0
hey , have you noticed that the new kid in town has been all over your trailer-park ex ?	did not think garcia had his wife 's affair	0
i did it for the pure joy of the thing .	how are you doing ?	0
oh ... thank you . that-that is so sweet .	thank you .	1
what if i could give you foolproof investment advice ?	what if i gave you a reliable investment board ?	1
thanks , honey .	thank you .	1
sam , you ca n't blame what that demon did to your shoulder on -- on me .	what the demon did to you , you ca n't throw at me .	1
if they catch us , we 're dead .	if they get us , we 're done !	1
the applicant is ordered to bear its own costs and to pay those of the defendant and the intervener .	orders the applicant to pay the costs , including the costs incurred by the defendant and other party proceedings .	1
as i passed the sitting room , i heard the prisoner in there , talking to mrs french .	when i was around the living room , i heard the defendant and mrs. french .	1
the appeal brought against that decision under article 43 of regulation no 44/2001 was unsuccessful .	he was north of bash , south of the shooting range .	0
yeah , a little bit .	a little .	1
he 's the man , he 's the best man .	he 's the best .	1
this guy did somethin ' besides raping all day .	the guy did anything except rape all day .	1
well , i 'm sure you know already .	but what 's so puzzling about me is that i was on that table as tight as travis marshall 's on the altar .	0
i 'll let her say no .	let her say it !	1
spidey inline skates and pogo stick ?	spidey 's inline skates and spidey 's jump pole ?	1
can you repeat all that back ? ''	bring the food ! ``	0
i 've come for the boy , mo .	i 'm going to get that boy , mo .	1
i spend every day wandering around that place , trying to find something that will jog my memory .	this is our city .	0
obscure , meaningless words .	you probably ... would have enjoyed incredible sex .	0
johnnie always travelled with a .38 pistol tucked into his belt .	so let 's lift our packs .	0
it stops the action of the osteoclasts , the cells that are involved in breaking down the bone tissue .	this substance blocks the activity of osteoposts , cells involved in cutting off the bone tissue .	1
i could n't ask for anyone better .	i 've heard the men i work with .	0
the sex tape of her and johnny gage is out there , and she does n't know who has it .	the defense concludes the findings of a witness .	0
oh , god ... just go .	the test shows that even when humid conditions , magnesium does not germinate .	0
we 're going to talk again tonight .	what 's your sign ?	0
the heir to the robert factories gave it to me because i screwed with him	the heir to roberts ' races gave it to me 'cause i fucked him .	1
no hours so dark had pippin known , not even in the clutches of the uruk-hai .	he had never known pippin for such a dark hour , even in the claws of the skurut-hai .	1
i mean , it 's even gon na be a learning experience for adrian and me .	and it 's even gon na be a good experience for adrian and me .	1
every one of the codringtons turned their heads and their faces lit with pleasure .	i 've never seen him .	0
when the horses are eaten ?	what things ? ``	0
allowing visualization of muscles and individual muscle fibers .	it gives visibility to muscle and muscle fibers .	1
and nine ... ... nine rings were gifted to the race of men ... ... who , above all else , desire power .	authorities farther from the heart begin to die .	0
studio 's head , les grossman refuses to finance additional search effort saying , quote :	the director of the studio , les grossman refuses to fund their next search , and he says , quote :	1
i was about to tell him .	i told him .	1
despite their arcane origin , each was helpless before the combined might of his arm and valheru power .	please line up the options below for their importance .	0
there 's the gal i know .	i know this girl .	1
the eesc endorses the removal of this threshold , believing that this will encourage more such proposals .	i got an offer from another company .	0
and then i read what killed them ... ... and i realized that i 'd seenhow the next person was gon na die .	and then i read how they died , and i realised i had seen	1
do n't know about you ... but , i 'm staying up , all night , tonight .	i mean , i do n't know about you , but i 'll be out all night .	1
what does she do ?	what 's he doing ?	1
adam : i wish i had a better view of the cemetery from here .	she forced the words out of herself , rather whispered , `` in his belly .	0
`` ca n't you at least give us some reason for your concealment ?	that this is probably why women can do better with more activities at once .	0
so you 're saying this spacecraft crashed in the year ... 1709 .	so you 're saying that this ship fell in ... 1709 .	1
you know , pretty soon you 're laughing and hugging . before you know it , you 've forgotten the whole thing .	well , in a minute , you 're laughing and hugging and you forget about the whole thing .	1
`` if i were you , i would n't come back at all , '' she said .	`` well , if i were you , i probably would n't have come , '' she said .	1
remy : you leave that house , you 're an enemy to me and you 're a danger to amanda .	if you leave the house , you will be my enemy and danger to amanda .	1
in preparation for this , the commission will assess whether the conditions for the inclusion of specific pathways , as set out above , are met .	who turned it off ?	0
a new start . and with a chance that one day your husband can come back to you and your child .	i 've had enough , human cub .	0
nature abhors a paradox .	you want a scrambled drink ?	0
no rows found .	well , what time does he usually come ?	0
we wo n't hurt you so come down !	with one condition ... that the owner must be allowed to serve 500 mews to the rescue of my soul .	0
what about charlotte ?	it was sergeant rowley .	0
a world in which every country wants a weaker exchange rate is not without precedent .	they just told me that within 10 days i would receive notice .	0
eba shall use that information to benchmark diversity practices at union level .	you just have to look at what 's happened since they found it .	0
oh , we all in danger , baby .	did he have the wind ?	0
if you force him to marry elsewhere , although i am only a girl , you 'll know you have an enemy .	give me my wife .	0
i knew that . shh .	i know that !	1
i ca n't see a thing !	i do n't see anything !	1
take it from here , saul .	instead , he 's just another football player who can really cheat .	0
he 's just a child . . .	let 's see if they can be proud of you .	0
yeah , well , elise refused to go out with me , said she had a thing .	yeah , elise refused to come out with me .	1
when i hear the cuckoo sing , i remember their voices .	when i hear the cuckoos , i always think of their voices .	1
well , if he dies we 'll never know what . or find emmet .	well , if he dies , we 'll never know what he 's hiding , and we 'll never find emmet .	1
“ forgive me , your excellency . ”	god damn it , it 's a little with me as you wish , but watch your tongue in front of my daughter .	0
on the packaging of the product intended for sale , the name ‘ oscypek ’ may be replaced or supplemented by the dialect word : ‘ oszczypek ’ .	all rescue personnel are on standby ... .. .apparently we have another victim who fell down a hole .	0
in cities all over the world , flute bands have been removed and quarantined , but more may still be out there .	rachel immediately forgot her question , leaning into 242 alleyway to see ahead .	0
for whatever you wish .	john will be here in ten days .	0
occasionally , he staggered .	the injury was too serious .	0
`` of course , the church has been far less militant in the last century or so , '' said drunah , looking out over the desert .	'well , the church has not been particularly militant in the last century , 'said ojaunt , looking up into the desert .	1
her hind legs are really bothering her ... but i found this great vet over at the animal hospital - that place on the east side .	but i found a great vet in an animal hospital there on the east side .	1
i know how to change the tire on my big wheel , how to tip a host to get a table by the skee ball .	but if you break the rule that matters , it 's meant to protect people .	0
in an alien , vampire world called starside on the other side of the möbius continuum , there at least it might be called a grin .	there 's no other periodic table than mendeleev 's ! ``	0
there was certainly one respect in which loren far eclipsed brant .	loren was certainly more than that in one respect .	1
you did n't say much in the car on the way home .	put your clothes on . come with me .	0
when a beautiful movie star is impressed with my fake law enforcement credentials , i 'm in .	when a beautiful movie star is intrigued by my self-righteous defense of law , i 'm in .	1
'farewell for this time ! ' he said .	'see you in the meantime ! 'he said .	1
my point is , pretending to be an alien is a valuable coping mechanism i 've used many times .	i mean , pretending to be an alien is a great method for controlling the situation , i 've used so many times .	1
you know , sunday is the one day of the week i do n't like .	sunday is a day i do n't like .	1
somebody has totally lost his funny bone this morning .	someone 's completely lost their sense of humor this morning .	1
iris : daddy ?	daddy ?	1
fine piano ,	i know . depends , but what ?	0
here he comes .	hell , he 's in the east .	0
this has been subject to consultation with stakeholders but the government has yet to announce its position .	thank you .	0
too many . but finally the empire is realising that there is a better way .	but the empire was finally aware that there was a better way .	1
let it out like you 're on a roller coaster !	out with the roller coaster !	1
eleven . soon after 11 .	it 's after 11 : 00 .	1
okay , please , just leave . oh !	please leave .	1
“ the ships are safe .	`` the boats are fine .	1
so for example , let 's say this entrepreneur d .	for example , let 's say this entrepreneur d wants to build a factory .	1
hear , hear .	listen , listen .	1
`` all right , 0 mighty magician , do you want my help or can you make it under your own power ? '' asked gilla .	well , i mean , what kind of music does stiff nutters ...	0
and no battle ?	not even a fight ?	1
the sticky side of the patch should not be touched .	do not touch the adhesive side .	1
i 'll send you home to your mother crying like a baby !	how to build a bond car with a limited budget .	0
zarb is trying to change our ways .	zarb is trying to change all this .	1
in dark shadows , my loneliness grieving	i demand a cone of silence .	0
well , look at it .	you think i do n't know about you ?	0
it 's nice to know people still stay together no matter what .	all right , kids , these nice people ... ... they 're gon na take you to your parents ' house waiting for you out there .	0
our bridal shower is tomorrow .	i 'm tired of standing in front of a jury .	0
teppicymon tottered forward and grabbed the door of the pyramid .	ptepicchamon stepped forward and leaned against the entrance board of the pyramid .	1
so what brings you by , celia ?	what brings you here , celie ?	1
it looks like we have a nice , clean friction print .	looks like we got a nice piece of print .	1
sir ? you should be cutting the ribbon now . no matter .	you really think he 'd walk into this country ?	0
well , just think about that for a minute .	in death as much as in life. ``	0
socio-economic sciences and the humanities security and space euratom fp7 is organised in two specific programmes .	the social , economic and humanities of science security , the universe 's fp7 is divided into two specific programmes .	1
hold back the reporters !	keep up those reporters !	1
# moods that take me and erase me #	# the lady who will take me and throw me . #	1
in austria , the specific conditions of particular regions are reflected and delivered by regional self-governments and should therefore be reflected in their local development strategies .	obviously terrible situations	0
go brush your tooth .	it 's okay .	0
i ai n't talking to you , i do n't like you !	is there a problem ?	0
man ( over radio ) : the november 's opening her outer doors .	november opens the outer door .	1
and a tight line in from number eight , guy martin .	probable cause , my ankle 's at the crime scene , the dna ...	0
despite his familiarity with scenes of war , partridge shuddered .	partridge shuddered , though he was accustomed to war scenes .	1
let 's imagine we was back all those years ago when you was fighting russia .	at least take dessert for you and your fiancé .	0
a clarification on this aspect would be welcomed .	the edps would welcome the clarification of this aspect .	1
we 're gon na be ushers at the wedding .	we will be featured at the wedding .	1
or he 's hiding .	or the killer was hiding .	1
is that your hat ? he said .	no , kill him , courtney !	0
i have dreamed a dream and now that dream has gone from me .	`` i had a dream ... and the dream was washed away . ''	1
come on . we 're getting out of here .	you got that word from me , or is yours ?	0
now , i do n't see a damn reason why we should settle for being in fifth place , yo !	tied at - hand and foot in a ...	0
so christ will forgive me .	because you always think so .	0
this story is due in four days .	yes , something went wrong .	0
already uploaded to the cloud .	it 's already in the cloud .	1
i 'm prepared to fend off any of its attacks .	come here , max .	0
i definitely saw and heard !	i 've seen it and i 've heard .	1
colin :	fruit bread .	0
why do n't you cool out , old dude ?	why do n't you get some rest , old man ?	1
i like the way you 're put together .	did my wife say the same thing ?	0
when you 've got your breath back , you 're going to tell me everything that man said to you , starting from the beginning .	when you catch your breath , you 'll tell me everything he told you .	1
i was watching that .	where 's buster ?	0
her shoulders and her knees .	shoulders and knees .	1
morgan licked his lips and craned his neck to look up at the car ’ s headliner , as if to read a message there .	morgan licked his lips and turned to look at the ceiling , as if from his upholstery he wanted to read a report .	1
|| article 80 article 3	a global framework for environmental monitoring in europe : we measure what we need to drive .	0
what do you think i just said ?	but that can wait .	0
mmh , no .	i 'm not clear how they suspected me .	0
so clear and piercing was the note that the others stood amazed to hear such a sound come from those old bearded lips .	i 'm doing a chunchullo , a traditional colombian dish , for tonight 's family dinner .	0
`` made out of dung and concrete , that one , '' observed o'malley .	`` made from manure and concrete , '' o'malley observed .	1
i mean , i know you two are close .	a few days ago , julie came to me and told me everything .	0
you 'll get a call .	someone will call you .	1
i 've forgotten the question .	i forgot my question .	1
tell me , what did we fight that battle for ?	tell me why we fought the battle .	1
way to take care of yourself .	you can take care of yourself .	1
not anymore .	you could have said anything , any lie .	0
listen , the point is , a lot of the foods we eat come from delicious animals like this guy right here .	but i really , really , really do n't think i 'm going to be amused .	0
now , plants they could mate by dispersing their seed to the wind or having an insect come by and fertilize them .	i did n't say vor did want you for yourself , did i ? '	0
dragon 's ruse	the dragon trick	1
don ’ t judge him solely on that , john .	however , do n't judge him by just that , john .	1
anyway , freedom of the press can not be dealt with lightly .	and you will be able to return to learning .	0
but he loathed politics , and he had neither interest nor ability in the dishonorable game of intrigue .	but he hated politics , and he was not interested in the ability to use intrigue .	1
`` i dread the search , though . ''	`` but the search frightens me . ''	1
`` he did n't say anything to them , not then , '' stebbins said .	`` he did n't tell them anything , at least not at the moment , '' stebbins replied .	1
did they ask for a ransom ?	there 's something i 've always kept secret from you .	0
and in return , i 'm mentoring a bright young mind .	you did n't steal anyone .	0
can you escape ?	can you run ?	1
he fucked her on my birthday .	he put it on my birthday .	1
hi , kyle .	i fell in love with sebastian .	0
but he also had n't reckoned on having so much trouble with his lost goddess siveni when he summoned her up .	but he did n't expect to have much trouble with the lost goddess siveni he had summoned back .	1
this is hideous .	this is disgusting .	1
i 'm not always taking her side , this ...	i 'm destroyed , john .	0
a thin plume of grey smoke was drifting from his mouth , and his stomach expanded and contracted like a bellows .	a thin strip of grey smoke was running out of his mouth , and his stomach was swelling , and he was emptying like blacksmiths .	1
why would he like to lose your weather with someone as you ?	why would she be wasting time with those like you ?	1
tashingford , the chemist , appeared at his door , in shirt sleeves and an apron , with his photographic plate holders in his hand .	you know , i should do the same thing with my ex .	0
i had a brother . andy . my dad was tougher on him than he was on me .	is he boxing yet ?	0
scott e. parazynski	and who gave her such a thing ?	0
bring the widow over here , otherwise she 's gon na get lonely .	then i 'll explain .	0
sk južnoslovenská vinohradnícka oblasť whether or not followed by galantský vinohradnícky rajón wine with a protected designation of origin ( pdo )	pt vinho licoroso algarve wine with a protected geographical indication ( pgi )	1
the spade , shovel , and crowbar lay at intervals along a fifteen-foot trench in the forest floor .	so i shall carry out this analysis only for the sake of completeness and in brief .	0
like it 's not a big deal .	it 's no big deal .	1
“ four square trabucchi , of course . ”	i remember everything .	0
she lay there in the snow , flapping her arms and legs to make the outline of an angel in the snow .	`` what about twins ? ''	0
you know that ?	you sure ?	1
they got white guys at your school ?	do white boys go to school there too ?	1
two steps back .	you-two steps back .	1
it means the dropship 's still tied into all of our major systems .	`` magma dome , '' the pilot said .	0
i thought this summer i would take off a couple of months . but it ai n't no big deal .	i thought i 'd take a couple of months for that in the summer , but it 's not worth it .	1
`` i 'm glad for macnelly 's sake as well as the state 's , '' said duane .	when i play a high game , it pisses me off when someone talks .	0
tiny little acorn penis ?	i 've got a lot of your letters , but it 's all written so i can wait for this and that .	0
i can tell you things about your life . your father misses you .	but what if someone attacks you if i 'm sunk ?	0
they ca n't hear us .	we do n't have a connection . they wo n't hear us .	1
that was pretty cool .	that was quite good .	1
say , `` max , that 's your ass . `` ooh !	tell me , `` max , this is your butt . ''	1
he ran into my knife 10 times .	he ran at him ten times .	1
do n't shout	do n't scream !	1
take a few days .	they 'll be here in a few days .	1
saint ignatius would stub out cigars on the soles of his bare feet .	the saint ignatius was weighing cigarettes on his bare feet .	1
my name is dr. gonzo .	elena , listen , you promise me you wo n't come out .	0
i 'm gon na drop off the equipment now .	i 'll leave the equipment there now .	1
i have been standing in the shadows of the hall , all this time , watching the scene through a crack in the nearly closed door .	what is this guy trying to do to destroy us ? ``	0
bobby : sorry .	i 'm sorry .	1
he 's gon na be okay , right ?	`` do n't worry about what i 've done or done .	0
'clanless , ' heboric said from the forecastle .	sixty-seven seconds later he fell to his knees and fired his arms to his neck .	0
then i ransacked my house and hid our possessions in niles ' cabin .	then i threw our stuff away and hid something in niles ' house .	1
i wan na take gossip girl down for good .	do you want to go home ?	0
'odd , dear emancipor reese uttered those very words , in an identical tone , not half a bell ago . '	get him to the or .	0
i 'm outa here .	i 'm out of here .	1
he had the smoothest skin and the largest blue eyes .	'without a clan , 'heboric said from the front .	0
why did you disguise as linglong ?	why do you dress for linglong ?	1
no , there 's some really terrible animals out there .	no , it 's because of ugly animals .	1
if neutropenia develops ( absolute neutrophil count < 1.3 x 103/l ) it may be appropriate to interrupt or discontinue myfenax .	i only carried him to the arlington cemetery .	0
izzy 's not here .	i 'd rather play with you .	0
without showing any surprise about it , moneo tells me that siona was part of a rebellion against you .	moneo vaguely told me that siona was part of the rebellion against you .	1
good , but maybe he does n't know the way to jail	`` i also remember that i 've never seen you so surprised before .	0
staring at her reflection in the hospital mirror , cassi brought herself back to the present .	the picture in the hospital mirror returned it to the present .	1
the ghost herd in the sky	a herd of spirits in the clouds	1
all his wealth is forfeit .	it was strange enough that when i opened my mind and cleaned my head from the things that plagued me , i felt immensely .	0
yeh , and there 's one more problem .	yeah , vince , we got some coffee .	0
i do n't know what happened . all the other tests went perfectly .	have n't you two got enough for today ?	0
did i ever tell that i -- always had a fantasy to do it with a pregnant chick .	i may be sodomite , baby , but i still believe jesus did n't pay me back .	0
what more can i say except to say that i apologize ?	what else can i say besides `` i 'm sorry '' ?	1
it must be acknowledged that other elements in the more remote ancestry of the regulation might militate in favour of recognition and enforcement .	a bottle of hardwood ?	0
after nikki 's respiratory treatment , angela listened carefully to her chest .	you declined our request .	0
it 's just a joke i like to say .	at least he had already begun to heed his warning from a possible epidemic and had been mobilised by the authorities .	0
okay , so she was killed in that hour .	oh , you suck !	0
i slept next to the same woman for 40 years , god rest her soul .	exactly ... the debt should be paid as quickly as possible .	0
she 'll fight like she always fights .	he will fight the way he always fights .	1
first plea : infringement of the fundamental right to inviolability of one 's premises by reason of lack of prior judicial authorisation .	we have a new address ...	0
connect to port ( right )	looks like you pulled the plug .	0
notice that ?	add code fragment	0
penny , she has n't been there for five months .	if you 're the one with the money , you can afford it .	0
notice how in the count room nobody ever seems to see anything .	to us , and to the many others involved in their son 's burgeoning night .	0
so what is the input value for which g is equal to negative 2 ? so this graph over here , this is y equals g of x .	so what is the input value for which g equals -2 ?	1
i- in any case , they challenged us to a game and we accepted , but i guess we were n't quite aware of all the rules .	`` did she take this down the path around the lake ? ''	0
she keeps flashing contempt , anger .	i did n't mean to .	0
'all the power comes from the same source , ' kevin explained .	he could never lose or be under pressure .	0
hey , kiddo , it 's dad . it 's been a while .	of course , we know how we stand .	0
everyone remember that ?	the results of the review findings of the director-general of europeaid are set out in the edf report .	0
monday ? what 's that supposed to mean ?	monday ?	1
now , as johnny dwelled more intimately on the pleasures he intended taking with or from the girl , harry very quietly spoke up and said :	who believed in talking dog when they stood up ?	0
and there , again .	and there .	1
you 're the love of my life.i ca n't leave you .	he limped out of the shadow of the rock , moving slowly towards the three living .	0
what do you want him for ?	you do n't mess with anyone in texas .	0
you and l , we have lots of fun , do n't we , lolita ?	so tell me now .	0
no matter how important every penny is to me , i ca n't drive for you lowlifes anymore .	i do n't care how important every penny is for me .	1
i do n't know , when i left word for her . she and oscar were supposed to be in court earlier this morning ,	i do n't know . the last time she told me she was supposed to be in court early in the morning .	1
it was one of the little points benjamin the great wrote into the constitution to emphasize the sword 's primacy .	furthermore , that concept will depend even on the nature of the product and the media used .	0
what it can do is create a structure untainted by terrorism , suicide bombers and competing militias .	the saudi protectorate can help to create a structure that will not be impaired by terrorism , suicide bombing or against self-fighting militia .	1
say what ?	i got everything i wanted for my birthday .	0
got one more save to make tonight .	jewellery and valuable items are usually inherited by the eldest son , and he also usually has his first name after his father .	0
proof of that was right here on the roof with me , in the shape of the gurgling , fitfully twitching ehrig .	and she says , `` god told me . ''	0
bedelia was always very unstable , even when she was much younger .	she was always unbalanced , even when she was young .	1
he picked me up , hands sliding over my undies , cupping my buttocks .	he held me up , his hands sliding down my trousers , and he took my half in my hands .	1
have you ever thought about your plans , like ?	and have you considered your plans ?	1
worked with one before ?	have you ever worked with this before ?	1
oh , yeah . that muscle feels terrible .	i 'm a little pissed off here .	0
yes , of course .	of course , sir .	1
it 's almost as in the old dream of michelangelo ...	yes ... . siblings who have large families .	0
did you hear my diagnosis on the dwarf ?	did you hear my diagnosis about the lifeline ?	1
linda : hi , dougie .	let 's talk about a new assignment .	0
the death toll is expected to rise .	the number of victims is expected to increase .	1
areas where article 3 ( 2 ) ( a ) is not applicable > table >	| areas in which article 3 ( 2 ) ( a ) is not applicable	1
oh . it says here you were born without a uterus ? yeah .	it says here that you were born without a womb ?	1
none of the running audio players ( % 1 ) are playing anything .	your stamina surprises me .	0
daylight .	now it 's your turn .	0
it 's as though they live there , as though they can pass through us .	there are girls there , as if they were living there , as if they had come through us .	1
college is to broaden your world ... ... not pack up your english teacher , bring him with you .	excuse me .	0
fucking guinea motherfucker .	i broke the alarm just as soon as i punched him .	0
these latter proceedings must be winding-up proceedings .	these proceedings must be liquidated .	1
archiving .	there 's an archive .	1
no . it 's cool .	i was addicted to you !	0
he just ... sometimes wants to talk things over ... with someone every now and then .	if you click no , you will be able to continue processing files on this device .	0
`` never mind what i did or did n't do .	what exactly is happening right now ?	0
after that , i hope to be able to recreate my creative faculty .	then i may be able to recreate my creative power .	1
`` no chance , '' riley said .	death will follow , even if you touch him .	0
who are these babies ?	as soon as you call , the people who show up will be from the medical examiner 's office .	0
you can call in the first man .	think about this ... genius .	0
i 'm sorry -- simon , i have to go back .	i 'm sorry .	1
the husband of your dreams .	your husband 's husband .	1
how the hell did we manage that ?	they would have discovered our connection and emily would be compromised .	0
somewhere . up in the sky , maybe . somewhere .	somewhere up there , maybe .	1
the furnaces would cool , the shutters break , and the dogs , trained to bring death , would have it come to them in their turn .	the boilers will be cold , the shutters break , and for the dogs , trained possums of death , death will come for change .	1
did you miss the area of ​​the rings again ?	have you lost your ring again ?	1
an mldonkey frontend for kde	`` drink moxie , the only non-alcoholic beverage '' with the amazing moxie harbor. ``	0
they were colonel redfield 's idea of how to make his men more fearsome .	the wallets have already surpassed 2,500 km since their departure from nigeria .	0
finish gmail setup	complete the gmail settings	1
i thought his parents were rich .	no rich parents ?	1
it needed work .	it needed .	1
that business plan shall be assessed and its implementation monitored by or under the responsibility of the member state or the managing authority .	the hole in the skull and brain matches the gunshot wound .	0
i 've come to take a bath and will tell my master what you 've been doing .	i thought if he wanted to lock you up , we 'd run away together , like we planned .	0
okay , we 're popular , and we would like to stay that way .	we 're popular and we want to keep it that way .	1
he offered them .	he sacrificed them .	1
brother pod ! ! !	it 's only a matter of time , captain , when we will be able to control your transporters .	0
“ i knew these people , ” doc paige said , stepping forward .	`` i know these people , '' said dr paige , stepping forward .	1
ok , ok , ok .	i do n't want to kill anyone , either , but here you are in a situation , either us or them .	0
some additional tests might be necessary .	do n't go to bed	0
well , that 's the real difference .	well , that 's a big difference .	1
we 'll be thrown out onto the streets .	he 'll throw us out on the street .	1
are you guys going to sleep over ?	will you sleep with me ?	1
do you want to feel what you see ?	thank you , doug .	0
( 4 ) see annex 3 .	if he wins , he 'll hire me .	0
all right , i should probably go deal with the press .	okay , i better get the press .	1
i kept thinking about this and that , my thoughts were as numerous as the wathans .	i kept thinking about it and the other , i had so many thoughts of what the wathan .	1
19 the applicants have requested measures of organisation of procedure with a view to the production by the commission of various documents .	it had never occurred to him that shared grief could act as an aphrodisiac .	0
you 're an honored guest , eddie .	you 're an honest guest , eddie .	1
typhoid transport !	now , if you do n't immediately play the music with stone , there will be time for our death . '	0
page her or another cardiac surgeon .	call her or another heart surgeon .	1
if dekker did see roman , he 's gon na get the hell out of dodge .	if he saw dekker roman , he 's gon na want to get out of here .	1
they 'll stop at nothing to try and get a picture .	big , dumb , you know , one who 's not nice .	0
well , maybe so , joe bob .	he could see that even with an oxygen mask , he was very difficult to breathe .	0
our tech guys	look , i 'll do it , and i promise he 'll know about the mayor .	0
therefore , the material injury suffered by the ci can not be attributed to a contraction in demand on the community market ’ .	no , i have to go see shekhar .	0
you do n't get it . you do n't get it .	no , you do n't understand .	1
huh ? - magic .	magic .	1
hey , do you want to hang out with us ?	is grandpa there with you ?	0
i spoke with a nurse there , sir , she says he 's got a few weeks at most .	i talked to my sister there , sir , she said she had a few weeks left at best .	1
otherwise i might have been worried , like some stupid cow .	of course , technically , it is true that there is still a war between us , but it is rarely seen recently , and mostly by accident .	0
do n't try to fuck with us , what good is this junk ?	do n't try to fuck with us .	1
games , mostly .	dad , we know where the kids are from , you know ?	0
he was a worker , a true frontiersman .	he was a real border worker .	1
clara , take charge !	why do you think there 's no reward ?	0
we met before it started . and when was that meeting ?	we met before he started .	1
all you did was hang around and eat our eggs !	the appeal , which a. bero appealed against that decision , dismissed the landgericht frankfurt am main .	0
he was n't saving up for a rainy day . he was saving for something , something to do with this .	13 sec ( 2007 ) 241	0
what are you bothering me and everyone in the room here .	you know they probably kick our asses , but at least we can get a ride .	0
i ’ m talking !	i 'm talking !	1
two hundred fifty syllables to a name and we use just one of them .	it 's funny that you mentioned it .	0
over 1,200 hours of continuous dancing , and yet there they still are , fighting , struggling to stay in the race	for more than 1200 hours they 've been dancing nonstop ... ... and keep fighting ... ... to stay in the race .	1
you 've got to see this couple from yesterday having tantric sex .	what do you mean ?	0
funny . i was gon na say the same thing to him .	it was only two packages , dad .	0
no , it was n't .	he 's got better things to do .	0
hey , how about that ?	hey , what about this ?	1
what is happening here ?	he could remain as calm and solemn as he always was , unfazed and unnerving .	0
finally , the upwards adjustment in recoveries means that fewer contributions are needed ( eur 33 million less for 2005 and 2006 ) .	good guess .	0
please , understand .	i hate the way they fuck up everywhere and so ...	0
it has prompted a call for strengthened economic governance and financial regulation at eu level .	colin .	0
it is some sort of a federal regulation that nascent high-tech companies must not hire pudgy fifty-year-old support staff , the way big established companies do .	just me !	0
not a damn thing . but if you want to go to the grocery store with her , well , then , you want to be with her .	keep it quiet .	0
it was just a pattern of light and shade at first .	at first it was just a vague shape from light and shadow .	1
why exactly would you have that ?	what exactly do you have ?	1
seeking to ease her torment , i brought her a mirror of all her imperfections .	michael raffin , i 'm gay , and i 'm proud of it .	0
kazmir was pretty close when he said the guy on the phone sounded dutch .	kazmir was close enough when he said he sounded dutch .	1
they should make a phone for full-figured girls .	our research shows ... ... that nagi hassan , given an internal political situation ... .. .planned jaffa 's abduction .	0
and i really fancy a little game right now !	and i really like to play a little bit !	1
she 's right over there .	right there .	1
well bring 'em back in an hour .	do you have a aaa card ?	0
but seriously , i 'm on it .	seriously , i 'm working on it .	1
this is mr. conley .	this is conley .	1
newmoon	did i get up later ?	0
well ... important things .	characteristics of the specific action in the description of the actions in points 1.3 to , etc .	0
you witnessed one of your best friends die tonight . - it 's probably ...	you saw your best friend die .	1
mr. hagen said nobody knows where he is , that he ’ ll turn up in a little while . ”	that 's 20,000 rock members - 40,000 when counting branches , and 20,000 more disorganized who are ready to fight .	0
do you remember anything about the trip ? um ...	do you remember anything out of the way ?	1
but in the meantime , i have something that might interest you .	but i have something you might be interested in .	1
the forest and the sea mixed together .	i did n't take them .	0
moody and i have been married for seven years .	she took off her silky bra , and revealed some of her breasts .	0
what could be more revolting than rummaging through a strange man 's socks ? ugh !	`` mike , what the hell is going on with the assumption that i 'm infallible ? ''	0
the monk stared at him suspiciously .	the priest looked at him suspiciously .	1
you pretend to flirt with linda ,	you 're faking flirting with linda .	1
presently gh‚n turned to the king .	ghân soon turned to the king .	1
for a while , as he carefully poured jordan 's ashes , there was silence .	for a while , as he dumped jordan 's ashes on the floor , it was quiet .	1
call coming in on her cell .	for the purposes of this article , `` debt financing ''	0
oh . doing some deep thinking , were you ?	you blame me ?	0
i 'm not like every other woman you know .	i 'm not like other women either .	1
you go to nazca and you immediatly know everything about what our planet consist of , because all the raw materials , converge there at high volumes .	this is tomkin .	0
he knows that you 're close to connecting him to the infertility crisis .	he knows you 're close to revealing his connection to the fertility crisis .	1
and thank you for explaining to us what escrow means .	and thank you for explaining what it means `` in a pledge . ''	1
`` thanks , mike , i 'll think about it .	comp / m.4060 - endesa europa / zedo ) - candidate case for simplified procedure ( 1 )	0
'cause i only get one , like , every 25 years .	the robber put a knife on my neck .	0
`` i 'm happy for you . ''	meanwhile , gerard drew the chain on the stones and pounded the axe .	0
you 're not the gambling type , are you ?	you 're not a gambler , do you ?	1
it 'll be perfect .	this is going to be perfect .	1
maybe talk about things .	i think , dear , this will be the biggest gathering so far ... ``	0
i 'm not this person anymore .	i 'm not like that anymore .	1
i 'll ... i 'll ...	hey , give me the gun .	0
let 's invite one over .	what 's fun ?	0
okay , so you want to be in charge .	so you want to be responsible .	1
taybard glanced down .	taybard looked down .	1
who stood alone , at his feet a dead or unconscious apsalar .	at his feet lay apsalar , dead and unconscious .	1
shadow had not realized that it was the fourth .	shadow had completely forgotten that he was the fourth .	1
tell us !	you said i could handle the anger myself .	0
good thing i did n't hit on him .	`` dr strassen has flown .	0
i could n't get them to raise the limit . —pus interest .	i could n't make them raise the limit .	1
there 's something in me .	there was something .	1
he fully expected the five men to rush into the hotel , question the desk clerk , take up positions and make their moves .	we ca n't afford them .	0
well , do n't wait up .	zikmund gross from jellisation	0
now , see , this is not a problem i have because my cousin nigella 's been very much beaten with the ugly club .	well , look , i 've never done this , because my cousin nigella is so ugly , i would n't even face a tricycle about her .	1
i think it 's coming here .	my boy and i spent half the morning looking for her .	0
`` i— '' she stopped and looked puzzled .	`` me , '' she said , looking puzzled .	1
we 'll open the boxes and find out , wo n't we ?	you 're not grateful he saved your daughter ?	0
she was no one i 'd want to be .	i do n't suppose you want to meet ...	0
i 'm tricia 's boyfriend , you scumbag .	i 'm tricia 's friend , you crook .	1
`` you 're going to need it .	`` you 'll need him . ''	1
cork fragment .	how are you two doing ?	0
save it for the dance .	i wanted a better view of the cemetery .	0
immigration got a tip i was working here illegally .	immigration got a tip .	1
where have you been all this time ?	where have you been ?	1
hard to say , anyway , because a lot of them are probably politicians we think of as being comfortably and reliably dead . ''	it 's difficult to say , because a lot of them are probably politicians that we think are comfortably and reliably dead. ``	1
oh , right , i 'm talking to two girls who probably loved the notebook .	but ... the klatchians are smart enough , are n't they ? '	0
in addition , omeprazole lacks an inhibitory effect on the main cyp enzymes .	it still does n't make any sense .	0
like hell !	annie ... look at this .	0
i know what i did was wrong .	there 's a dream trail somewhere in the dream	0
i do n't know how you can break your mother 's heart like you do .	because i worked at the dentist , spencer .	0
the numbers are automatically added at the end : amarok : volume=10	the second task will be completed at the same time .	0
about what happened in the back yard . yeah ?	he 's a member of the unit .	0
as soon as we get our hotel deposit back , we are out of this mad house .	once we get our back on the hotel , we 'll be out of this mental institution .	1
i stayed with her till she passed .	please open the door .	0
i get it , okay .	i 'll take that , okay .	1
i 'm sorry .	i 'm sorry , should i ... ?	1
his sweet piping tones and angelic beauty were constant sources of intense joy to her .	the sweet tone of voice and angelic beauty became a mother 's constant source of joy .	1
the three desecrators are now dead .	three firefighters are dead .	1
we ca n't leave a string of pearls on the manifest as lost .	we ca n't list the line of pearls as lost .	1
finished , the huge man returned to the shadows .	when he finished , he returned to the shadows .	1
nonetheless , i brought out my primitive bronze sword and crouched , looking around .	um , i 'm a little crowded .	0
he 's so passionate , and he really listens .	he 's so passionate and able to listen .	1
maybe when he raised the bottle in a threatening manner , you used a kel-light , not the handle of your service weapon , to incapacitate the suspect .	maybe he raised the bottle with a threatening style ... you used a telescopic shoe , not your gun ... to disable the suspect .	1
and you , uh , you have n't noticed any other problems with excessive bleeding ?	if i did n't catch you , you 'd be stealing .	0
you 've been chosen to marry her .	no , not exactly .	0
what do we do now ? there 's nothing we can do .	we ca n't do anything .	1
i think the sorcerer 's mind is addled .	the car has so many horsepower that the gates will come with us .	0
safeguards the principle of equal treatment for intra-corporate transferees and includes procedural guarantees and the right to family life .	equal treatment for persons transferred within the company and includes procedural guarantees and the right to family life .	1
she 's sending it up tomorrow with the next load of prisoners .	he 's sending it tomorrow .	1
clear this courtroom now .	clear the courtroom immediately .	1
often they appear in pods , which is the term for when several fish swim together , and they like to visit cleaning stations .	they often swim in small groups and like to visit the so-called cleaning stations .	1
and , jory , you go with them .	jory , you will go with them .	1
she needs to see you , and you need to see her .	the child , wrapped in a scented cloth with sharp edges , was dismissed , but did not cry .	0
pollux had opened the warming cupboard castor dropped his baby brother on the floor and accepted a dinner pack from his twin .	castor dropped the little brother to the floor and took a packet of supper from the other .	1
the initial passageway was high enough so she did n't have to crawl to enter , wide enough so she did n't have to squeeze .	the entrance was high enough , so she did n't have to climb four , broad enough , so she did n't have to stretch .	1
'even elenic confuses you sometimes . '	i ca n't . my feet do n't listen .	0
actually , we do n't care .	that means there were more murders , and that 's not the last .	0
and i got caught ...	and they caught me ...	1
the fuck have you been ?	so i suggest you find more privacy .	0
it 's always niceto meet a fan .	it 's always nice to meet a fan .	1
in fact , here is a still photograph taken at the wedding of ada lowry doing a shot with his good buddy commissioner callaghan .	i 'd like to assure you ...	0
then it will be your prisoners we will hang in the palace square at burgos .	then it will be your captives that we hang in the courtyard of the castle in burgos .	1
the syringe should be well shaken in order to obtain a homogeneous turbid white suspension .	oh , i told everyone not to buy a f-mobile .	0
i was too busy on the trail of glory to take the time to comfort my wife .	the desire for glory has consumed me so much that i have not had time to comfort my wife .	1
you have n't the slightest idea what i 'm talking about , do you ? si .	you have no idea what i 'm talking about , do you ?	1
has you ever , like , been to the uk ?	and christmas cookies too .	0
traveling rich folks , immigrants and strange people , and us	rich people , immigrants , foreigners , and us .	1
but it does n't keep me from appreciating my thomas cat .	dr. garry browne gave julie a couple of doses of anti-venom .	0
you knew , as well , did n't you , you little bastard ?	i want half a million .	0
yes . how did you know that ?	how do you know ?	1
`` you are an enthusiast in your line of thought , i perceive , sir , as i am in mine , '' said he .	god could always kiss my ass , but now i 've changed my mind .	0
here , 30 metres beneath the costa rican forest canopy , another dedicated mother ensures that her young also have the best possible start in life .	here 30 metres below the sky of a kosher resort , another devoted mother assures that her cubs also have the best possible start to life .	1
you know exactly why , and here we go again talking over each other . ... like dogs and bones .	you 're too modest .	0
yes means yes , georgina .	i 'm sorry .	0
diaphus lucidus ( goode & bean , 1896 ) »	melamphaes crassicauda koefoed , 1953 ; metopias typhlops lowe , 1843 .	1
when i mentioned that hooker to him , he did n't even seem to know .	when i mentioned that she was a prostitute , she did n't seem to know .	1
it is a characteristic of partners to record their crimes so they can relive the fantasy later .	it 's characteristic of the partners ' record , their crimes , so they can experience them again in their imagination .	1
he and dr. ahriman are in different fields . ”	he and dr. ahriman work each other in a different field. ``	1
i have kind of a weird bucket list .	therefore , the provisions of article 22 ( 1 ) of the exemption must be terminated .	0
you 're gon na miss your plane .	do n't miss the plane .	1
so , you 're a young lady who knows about dwarfs , are you ?	so you 're a young lady who likes dwarves ?	1
horrible -- she wanted to have sex with me .	but i did n't escape .	0
i think , uh , jess might turn on us if she does n't eat soon .	i think jess will tell us if they do n't eat as soon as possible .	1
yeah , what do you got ?	i 'd say so .	0
satan . he is our enemy .	satan - our opponent .	1
well , why do n't you hit it with a little wd-40 ?	why do n't you use a little wd-40 ?	1
we have n't said grace yet . well , this day is a gift of the lord 's .	this day , it 's the lord 's gift .	1
the only reasonable course left is obedience . and you would do well to remember that and act accordingly , old friend .	you should remember that and act accordingly , old friend .	1
you do n't have anywhere you could stay tonight at all ?	you do n't have a place to stay , do you ?	1
i said he could stay the night , kid .	the administration is a real cock-sucking mess .	0
she gazed at him for a long , silent moment , then shifted her icy eyes to lady descroix .	you have a great balance .	0
nothing , i 'm just , i 'm fat alright get out .	now there was more than a dozen people across the wide gate .	0
you gon na beat me one time so you can pay off whoever else you owe ?	if you beat me to it , you can pay for every man you owe .	1
now , one big breath .	are you allergic to anything ?	0
everything was obvious now .	everything was suddenly obvious .	1
look , it 's ... just something i need to work out on my own .	look , it 's something i have to solve by myself .	1
i thought , there 's something evil in this house .	i was told there was something bad in the house .	1
you sure you want to do this without testing it first ?	you fuck me and everyone in this room .	0
it 's not the right for a professional , ok ?	this is n't right by professionals , okay ?	1
it 's hard to get any sense out of her .	it 's hard to even get something sensible out of her .	1
all right . let 's get her out . let 's do it .	let 's go get her .	1
chapter v but my first night in the hunters ' steerage was also my last .	but chapter 5 , however , the first night in the hold of the hunters was there at the same time as my last night .	1
so , it was , like , seven of us .	i 'll be right back .	0
do you hear me , longcipher ?	can you hear me ?	1
this revision is also necessary because the directive deals with an important aspect of the mechanism for granting international protection .	the reprocessing seems necessary , even if we consider that the directive concerns the basic element of the mechanism for granting international protection .	1
i heard you screaming . - i was n't scared .	you must remain in the care of your doctor during treatment with tybost .	0
do n't talk .	press the volat button to carry out the call .	0
but he found it hard to quit .	but it was hard for him to stop .	1
finally , the applicant states that the commission ’ s presumption is based on its experience of re-evaluation procedures .	how long before you reprogram it ?	0
you tell the boys , will you trevor ?	will you tell them , trevor ?	1
oh , that 's no fun .	so the sources of cooperation are provided for sustainable development .	0
oh , jesus crap christ .	oh , my god .	1
the commission can accept this in a spirit of compromise and considering that both co-legislators are requiring it .	apparently they found a banana in the gearbox .	0
watched it , i 'll kill you !	watch out or i 'll kill you !	1
i guess you should .	quartile ammonium compounds	0
come on , kaz , think .	come on , kazi , think .	1
terrorism is useful as a start .	terrorism is effective only from the beginning .	1
however , direct payments to farmers covered by the iacs ( 11 ) were free from material error .	`` among the guests who had dinner at chez ma tante , i spotted the beautiful linnet ridgeway .	0
could you just wait outside ? play with a toy ?	can you wait outside and have some fun ?	1
i do n't know what quinlan thinks she 's got to do with it .	i do n't know what quinlan thinks she might have in common with .	1
brandon scores again .	white dust began to pour from the ceiling : one corner of the polymer window was released from its frame and twisted like a dried leaf .	0
hannah , where are we going ?	it 's not real .	0
support the starving poet . you are not a bloody poet , dylan .	and you knew i would n't refuse if he was involved .	0
i found myself lost in a twilight forest ...	are you still on the job ?	0
`` dammit- ''	thank you .	0
is this on ?	a white port of 1864 , roastbeef with coeur d'artichauts , mushrooms and sauce rémoulade .	0
`` i know i 've been urging caution all along .	`` i know i put caution to caution the whole time .	1
i do n't think they 're gon na come up in the exam anytime soon , cat .	do n't suspect it , okay ?	0
`` it is rumored , '' said orm-o . `` that she will put janai out of the way at the first opportunity .	`` he says , '' orm-o told me , `` that janai wanted to get out of the way on the first occasion .	1
this war is not gon na be over by next christmas .	this war will not end until next christmas .	1
his blood is unclean , he has learned .	a bit of a spicy sauce to marinate it on and a pinch of salt .	0
when i 'm playing for high stakes , i get awfully upset if anyone talks .	come on , hang on , boy .	0
you saying `` dude '' is not cool .	come say hello .	0
it 's kind of further out from the city than i thought .	it 's farther away from town than i thought	1
he groaned as he hauled himself to his feet .	he howled as he stood .	1
anyone smell that ?	does anyone feel this ?	1
joe , he 's in there .	joe , he 's here with us .	1
and all mine saw were the faces of my girls .	and all i see is the faces of her little girls .	1
he said that he ... has just about had it with you .	he said ... he 's had enough of you .	1
more ground fire started up as he lined his aircraft on the next collection of targets .	as he poured onto the next group of targets , the new fire started from the ground .	1
so , she 's been this way ever since we broke up ?	is he like this since we broke up ?	1
( batista ) where you been ?	where have you been ?	1
and then , you know , then i met you .	i 'm planning on unleashing a little turtle 's head .	0
it was located on a nine-hundredfoot-high hilltop , one of three hills located just north of la concha bay in san sebastian .	maybe you should take a shower .	0
we were here , and will.i.am thinks he phone on the table were lying , so ...	we were here , and will.i.am thinks he left the phone .	1
and left 18 .	twenty-three to the left , 46 to the right , and 18 to the left .	1
look , willy , kitty 's got claws .	we were fine .	0
report two .	two .	1
you , too . so , i 'm ...	it 's from the apartment .	0
i 'm so sorry . fuck you , you fucking piece of shit !	you son of a bitch !	1
brennick 's in the net .	brennick 's on the grid .	1
i want to be on the internet . oh , crap !	i want to be on the internet .	1
you will wish you had listened to me whenl said , letting the goa'uld come here was a mistake !	confess !	0
i need dr. breeland to be the short-tempered meryl streep to my wide-eyed anne hathaway , so that	down the stairs , little rosie ... and stay too close to me . '	0
well , right here is where you start payin ' ... in sweat !	hey , how about inviting those girls over to play with us ?	0
she said your mom was pretty strict about not letting you spend the night there .	she said your mom never let you stay overnight .	1
you gon na sleep over ?	i 'll be gone a couple of weeks .	0
you would'nt want to deprive humanity of a work of art .	you do n't want to flaunt humanity about great art .	1
jang claims he 's mossad and now they 're claiming he 's cia .	daily jang says he 's from mossad , now he 's cia .	1
tell madame d'ossun to bring my booklet with the design samples .	tell madame d'ossun to bring my formula .	1
are n't you ever worried that you might be fighting for the wrong cause ?	baker 's prints were all over the driver 's side .	0
we decided not to say anything till after the wedding .	so we decided to leave it till after the wedding .	1
they got little people over there , like that .	he 's a supervisor .	0
coincidentally , neither am i .	they should be making phones for full-time girls .	0
i 'm not doing that .	fucking smoke !	0
hey , father . thanks for coming down so quickly .	she 's not drunk .	0
i am following your beautiful protocols .	when he comes that way , it 's always worth it .	0
if i only knew , i would have made a real pretty cake for you	i really promised him i 'd stop .	0
all right . now , that eye movement is called nystagmus , and what it tells me is you 've got benign paroxysmal positional vertigo : bppv .	i 'll take you to ko pha ngan .	0
the more of them that gathered , the more their diversity was evident .	the more they were , the more obvious their differences were .	1
you 're pretty tempting .	you 're stealing from the blind , are n't you ?	0
or that catherine had literally told her nothing after admitting she could talk freely over a public phone ?	catherine did n't exactly say anything to her , even though she had previously said she could talk to the pay phone .	1
what you ca n't see now is your parents need to figure it out , like adults .	you ca n't see your parents have to settle this for themselves , like adults .	1
i tell you ... it exists .	he dealt with it himself .	0
it 's important that you listen to each command .	can we meet ... ... saturday ?	0
this lad is only a yearolderthan me and he knows 10 times more about hotrods than any of us ...	we have a tradition when you took the honor of our first attack , you owe me a gift .	0
yeah , just go put some sugar in your body .	martin !	0
he had n't for long months on end , ever since he 'd smashed his watch when he 'd fallen off the ledge .	it had been a few months since he had broken his watch when he fell off the rock .	1
who sent those apes after me ?	who sent those gorillas on me ?	1
( doctor ) what a beautiful creature .	`` let them hang on for a while or hang each other . ''	0
`` you were infiltrated , herr richter , '' said rosenlocher .	`` my people have infiltrated your group , herr richter , '' rosenlocher said .	1
it 's moving without the rudder .	he 's moving without the helmsman .	1
so let 's raise our boxes .	yourself .	0
for the processing of data in its national section of the schengen information system each contracting party may appoint only specially qualified persons who have undergone security checks .	the processing of data in its national component of the schengen information system can be delegated only to persons having special qualifications and are subject to security clearances .	1
she made it through .	into them , with joy .	0
his human name still came clumsily to her lips , yet she knew him well enough now to understand that his elven name only brought him pain .	you do n't look good .	0
page file bytes	it was good .	0
what an ass !	bloody hell .	0
yes , you can speak to them , but how are we supposed to trust your opinion about them when you clearly do n't trust yourself ?	yes , you can , but how can we trust your opinion if you do n't trust yourself ?	1
and yeah , i can promise you 'll never see this tribe again . ''	i 'm scared of needles .	0
'a man ?	no , it was n't a good idea .	0
is that worf ? i apologize for that confusing example .	i 'm sorry about the confusing example .	1
she has just been by .	lee , this is major ...	0
have you seen what we 've dug out for the ruskies ?	the elevator !	0
`` explosive . ''	`` abrupt . ''	1
you know , eric , perhaps our young guest might enjoy seeing some of the sights of the kingdom .	his entire wealth was seized .	0
he said it would come again if he did n't go !	he said it would happen again if he stayed .	1
saint michael 's boys choir .	p. d. it looks like a police badge .	0
god , is it gum ? is it food ?	how am i supposed to sell that movie ?	0
the breach . i was 15 when the first kaiju made land in san francisco .	i was 15 years old when the first kaiju from the land in san francisco ,	1
um , no . they live in gary .	no , he lives in gary .	1
ah ! guess that holy water did n't wash everything off , new did it ?	so the holy water did n't go away , did it ?	1
yes , definitely .	look , this is n't the first time this has happened , okay ?	0
it 's a simple bleeding disorder .	it 's just a hemorrhage disorder .	1
without dy ng and death can there be beauty ?	`` i see it that they are illegal , but that it is still used by some oppressors who are desperately trying to maintain power and privilege .	0
i 'll get even with you ! ''	yeah , you dick , i 'm concerned .	0
when he 's on the telephone , we move away ... so as not to disturb him .	when he 's on the phone , we 'll pull back ... so we do n't disturb him .	1
you know ? then one day you walk in on them doing it on the table where you used to write your jumble .	then you walk in there once , and they do it on your desk , where you wrote your jumble .	1
oh , i 'll come get it later .	i think i 'm getting to step two .	0
a heavy step sounded on the stairs and a hearty voice came booming down to him .	i 'm in my room .	0
he 's out of town .	clark 's out of town .	1
seven claims they 're irrelevant , but eventually she reads them and rediscovers part of her own past .	seventh says it is irrelevant , but it will eventually read them and rediscover some of its past .	1
although the demolition had been planned for some time ... ... the music and the fireworks were , according to the crew chief ...	although the demolition was planned , the music and the fireworks , according to the head of the whole event ,	1
you think he 's gon na make it ?	would you like some tea ?	0
it 's just they 're , um ... they 're usually in the hip . and this one seems to be at the base of your cortex .	oh my god , do you think he 's in hell ?	0
quickly , before he follows .	mrs. paley , do n't !	0
action restore the schedule file from a backup copy .	action replace a plan file from a backup copy .	1
hi . i see i 'm not the only workaholic in the company .	you have three strokes of the bell to come in .	0
they 're eating peanuts . and my allergies , one kiss would put me in cedars-sinai for a week .	they 're eating peanuts and with my allergies , ... .. one kiss and i 'm going to spend next week at cedars-sinai hospital .	1
i shoved him to one side .	i do n't want this to happen again .	0
some of bubbacub 's misdeeds were proven .	wait till the man comes from florida .	0
gastongay scanned defiant 's boat deck , too .	gambgay also detailed the defiant 's deck .	1
`` you 'd rather tell him to go to hell ? ''	i was going through those kids ' communications at the time of lily 's death .	0
yeah , i keep on forgetting about them .	i keep forgetting them .	1
where it says `` signature '' .	where it says `` podpis . ''	1
you know it 's your job to know where my son is ?	knowing where my son is , he 's your job .	1
you 're suggesting ... the president shot it down on behalf of the us government .	the president shot him in the name of the u.s. government .	1
get out there and give them the monkey .	go out and give a monkey .	1
i 'm not , but hans .	where 's paris ?	0
everyone fires at it like crazy .	and everyone shot him like crazy .	1
the children of those who and grandchildren he saved have prejudice in the ten thousand	the administrator must be independent of cgd .	0
but a prison term in leavenworth is , or a dishonorable discharge if a court-martial should so decide .	and i 've always been a little jealous because i wanted to .	0
`` we will know more soon , but if you wish me to make a guess ... ''	remember , you ca n't come out of the queue too soon .	0
bergman : back to the lwo jima and our live cameras there .	paolo giovanni lo iacono ( 195 signatures ) ( 0593 / 2012 ) ; ( name confidential ) ( 0594 / 2012 ) ;	0
`` hm , '' murmured ruth .	`` game , '' ruth murmured .	1
catti-brie did not understand , but had no time to question as entreri sped off , walking as surefootedly along the hemp bridge as had drizzt .	catti-brie did n't understand , but she did n't have time to ask , because entreri ran the rope with the same certainty as drizzt .	1
two grand down the toilet , all because terrence king is a cokehead !	`` the alliance 's alliance '' was a conspicuous attempt to escape the arab-israeli conflict 's consequences .	0
actually , awful .	terrible .	1
how can ibest describe him ?	how would i describe him ?	1
harlan , please do n't do this . you 're making a mistake .	chapter x development measures article 26 economic area 25 miles around malta 1 .	0
an angry steve prefontaine lashes out ...	angry steve prefontaine both ...	1
what does matter is how we tackle ... ... this horrible incident .	well , i have some ideas for how we can work that design into some ...	0
in real life , i 'm very big .	i 'm really big .	1
their return alone will force the daroth to reconsider their plans . '	but he could n't do it .	0
lea : it 's strange .	he 's got a tattoo .	0
i 'm sorry to put you in that position . but i 'm not really the one who put you there , am i ?	i 'm sorry to put you in this position , but not my fault , right ?	1
oh , man , you 're so good .	you 'll see soon enough , son .	0
remember , do n't leave the line too soon .	they 're all working on the fourth bag .	0
ra-radinkle ?	ra ... radinkle ?	1
i mean , to be fair , i was the first one to talk about it , but ... what about you , jim ?	you 're coming , james !	0
you want to search somethin '	if you want to search ...	1
`` who with ? '' wills asked .	`` what ? '' said wills .	1
somebody knocked it off the post last night .	someone dropped her off at night .	1
i smell the same deodorant i smelled at the first scene .	we came to the hilton and there 's a sea of leaps .	0
no circle .	it 's not a circle anymore .	1
stop it . quit it .	you 're having an affair .	0
a little different stakes tonight , though . the person voted out tonight will become the first member of the jury .	it 's going to be difficult .	0
oh , and , uh , i heard that you and bobby hull came up together .	and i heard you and bobby hull showed up at the same time .	1
you 're old and you do n't give a damn .	you 're old and you do n't care .	1
portugal telecom continued , after its privatisation , to conclude agreements with rtp accepting late payments of rtp ’ s network fee .	portugal telecom continued its privatisation in the conclusion of the rtp agreements , which had agreed to a delay in the payment of the rtp fee .	1
he started to stand .	he started to get up .	1
as did i , but you were wrong about the hands .	i did , too , but you were n't right about your hands .	1
-the word is , this case is a number-one priority . ''	`` he says it 's a priority priority . ''	1
come on , come on , come on look at you	come on , come on . look at yourself .	1
my leg 's stuck in the door !	my foot was caught in the door .	1
whoa ! what was that ?	what was that ?	1
i need to pee really bad .	i really want to pee .	1
that .	oh , this .	1
petrov does n't show his face until the local guy checks you out .	petrov wo n't show until the local guy notices you .	1
i bet ... ten .	i 'm in ... 10 .	1
the article states that this state of affairs must not bring about any reduction , modification , withdrawal or suspension of benefits .	yes , they like them alive .	0
stop pulling !	if it comes to me again , i want you out of it .	0
yeah , i do n't know what you 're smiling about .	gangsta rap	0
they are blue as the comet .	what 's the point of drinking this shit ?	0
bundsch 's lawyer says his client is n't going to press charges at the moment -- could change .	bundsch 's lawyer says his client wo n't make any charges , for now ... but it may be about to change .	1
do n't you think it 'd be handy to know what did that ?	who else would have the opportunity ?	0
must be something exciting going on .	'oh , jesus ! 'he said .	0
what kind of an outfit is that ?	penny , she ended up with them five months ago .	0
i 'm sorry , but there 's nothing i can do or anyone can do ''	i 'm sorry , but there 's nothing i can do. ``	1
which is great .	what is great .	1
diplomacy , i 'd say .	you want me to translate this , you son of a bitch ?	0
please do n't hurt me .	oh , brother , please do n't hurt me .	1
she just does n't like the lights , that 's all .	he was selling drugs .	0
if you 'll just , hang on a moment , i 'll , ...	grab a glass , we 're playing `` ara ! ''	0
say the word and we go .	and you , sad-faced drinker .	0
the rezoscos in florence ? - no .	to rezosconov in florence ?	1
i was n't asking , i was telling .	i did n't ask .	1
we 're not supposed to discuss that .	stop it , boy !	0
postbus 16 , 4540 aa sluiskil , netherlands den hartigh b.v .	lincoln hawk -- number nine .	0
also , if something should happen to diane and me , we decided that the kids should go to the most important people in our lives .	he 's not afraid .	0
why should i protect the people of another jeddak ?	why should i protect the people who rule another one ?	1
hello chick !	`` the key you got with the map !	0
smash those racers before they reach zone 7x where funky boy 's sleeping .	if he survives , he 'll thank you .	0
i know we said `` no mushy stuff , '' but for what it 's worth , i 'm proud of you .	mcnamara fought them all the way to a compromise figure of 1.000 .	0
i got the whole idea from carson daly , for god 's sakes .	that was nice .	0
for the first time in its history , radegast brewery will open its gates to the public at night .	for the first time in the history of the brewery radegast will be able to look into it at night .	1
conklin was a nut . but a traitor ?	but a traitor ?	1
if i was descent , i 'd just put you to sleep .	if i were what to do , i would put you to sleep .	1
yes , i 'll show you .	if everyone in the world was like you , we would n't be in so much trouble .	0
i like ships and i used to be a sailor .	and i was a sailor once .	1
i could n't tell anything from his face .	i could n't read anything out of his face .	1
it 's equal for all .	i want you to reconsider the wedding .	0
i did it !	do you want to build them a golf course with a clubhouse , or mini golf and hot , swamp baths ?	0
first go inside .	go east and tell me what you see !	0
twenty-two years ago ... and roger , our bus driver , makes our boy ... to be late 20s , early 30s .	i 'm blessed .	0
give her that patch of yours . she 'll love it .	you do n't know what my smell is .	0
you ca n't even lift that cannon .	`` usual '' is n't much of a part of our daily routine .	0
is that miro ?	is that mira ?	1
we have spoken of the great benefits an alliance between our two cities would bring .	we have already spoken about the great benefits of the alliance of our cities .	1
no , ross , do n't do this .	so eat your pie with the rest when you 're good .	0
i 've done it myself . most of my life .	you want to figure it out ?	0
murdered in a room he had built below ground .	murdered in a place he built underground .	1
those conversations they 'd had along the trail .	`` how many vogons do you need to change a light bulb ? ''	0
music is a mathematical language . chords have numerical values and their notes quarters , eights , sixteens , they 're all just fraction variables .	the chords have numerical values and their notes of a quarter , eighths , sixteenths are only their mutual variables .	1
because of all of the pain that it ever caused me in my life .	if i catch him , i 'll shove it up his ass .	0
( ralph ) how do you know she be a witch ?	i do n't want us to be friends .	0
i 'll show you the white house further along .	paul , it 's called the headquarters ... that you 're under consideration for the 12th corps .	0
please , we must see what it is .	it 's not as simple as that .	0
he 's got a bag permit .	speaking of dirty tricks ...	0
i 'll tell you how it 's gon na be different .	i know , but ...	0
oh , michael	since 1992 , the commission 's management of grants for life projects is improving .	0
reason demands it . i wo n't fight for the colcheans again , i swear .	i want to live in the presence .	0
your tower discovered an aggressor .	your tower discovered the enemy .	1
put this maggot back in his cell .	i 'm perfectly happy to talk to rose .	0
i felt excitement growing in me and forced it down .	i could feel the excitement growing within me , and he suppressed it .	1
i have genitals ; i have the potential for sexual arousal .	i have genitals so i can be sexually aroused .	1
i set the time and the place .	i 'll determine the time and place .	1
( missing picture )	homer can be anyone but not a good accomplice .	0
we are here fucking locked !	he fought , tried to catch his breath .	0
'can you stand ? '	it was n't entirely true , but almost .	0
the kind of girl that , behind all your wisecracks , i know you are .	the type of girl that , under all of ... your comments , i know you are .	1
jan will be home in ten days for a week .	excellent cake .	0
i like it . amy ?	i like it .	1
why do n't you both shut up ?	shut up , both of you !	1
i understand he 's locked in your dungeon .	i believe it .	0
they used those stones as altars , to kill the officers .	and interestingly , when you look under the water , everything gets a little blurry .	0
just because ... ... i was bored ... ... i ended thousands of years ... ... of my father 's and husband 's blood lines .	i just came to my place .	0
these kids killed that old man .	the children killed the man .	1
100 watts , digital , the total !	listen , i know the world has gone crazy , but if you 're there , i 'm gon na need your help .	0
`` miss jackie , your brother is the winner today in the crab race , '' horace said .	also the windows to which you could look , and other statues dressed in dresses .	0
charles has gone to seaunder captain geary on the ramillies .	charles is at sea at captain geary 's on ramillies .	1
“ his name 's gene teer .	fucking spaghetti son of a bitch .	0
all we 're saying , kate , is do n't compare everybody to the chad .	how 's the porcupine business ?	0
catriana glanced quickly back at him , caught the wry look in his eye , and laughed .	behind him , catriana glanced back at him , seeing the embattled spark in his eye and laughing .	1
i was set to , but i ca n't . i do n't think i can .	`` you know these people ? ''	0
hmm ? - out !	no , no chance .	0
i mean , they 're probably out having their ass hairs waxed or something .	you could .	0
you were watching me ?	did you follow me ?	1
i handled it .	you think it 's nice running around with a tail like that ?	0
battat might find himself reassigned to moscow , and he did n't want that .	battata could be transferred back to moscow , which he did n't want .	1
all that was my world you have taken away , and you say that i have betrayed the rodina , do you ?	then , by the time i guessed he was thinking of something else , she asked me my mother 's name .	0
and a truth teller always tells the truth .	a truthful man always speaks the truth .	1
now that 's a maniacal laugh for you !	this is not all right for reasons that tv2 is exceptional in taking a dominant position on the advertising market .	0
i 'm not even close to fine .	not even close .	1
`` the college of comparative theology , '' senji sniffed .	where does he go ?	0
hey , relax . i 'm just joking , man .	i 'm just joking , man .	1
you guys , listen to this .	i 've got it , listen up .	1
and by the way , i was with them last night .	and by the way , i was with them yesterday .	1
according to history , the residents told their side of the story on the net .	because by history , local residents got on to the net and expanded their stories around the world .	1
our search engine results are protected by free speech .	his mother fell in love with the mountain .	0
now , tell me , how did he fall down ?	now tell me how he fell .	1
i was hoping i could stay here . just for tonight ... i mean , i 'll look for something tomorrow , if that 's cool .	i 'm the best spy , but in south korea , i have an idiot to play .	0
it was an unfortunate but unavoidable incident .	it was unfortunate , but inevitable .	1
well , i figured , we 're helping each other out , right ?	we 're actually helping each other out , right ?	1
george , dear , we really must hurry or we'il be late ...	`` monica , when i think of our time ... ''	0
sweetheart , could you put your mother on for just one minute ?	but , if the internal issue of brussels bureaucracy is left , the great promise it is is not to fulfill it .	0
well , a man and a woman ... .	you 're good .	0
will you get these guys to their rooms ?	be careful with that .	0
constipation ( g3/4 : 1 % ) ;	i ca n't .	0
do as we command and you will rule all of barsoom .	do what we say , and you will rule on barsoom .	1
time , as we know it , is a dimension we experience only in one direction .	the time we know him is a dimension that only moves in one direction .	1
hey , hey , thelma ! oh , louise .	what 's up there for a drawing ?	0
even the stolen money .	and that goes for the stolen money .	1
no , nothing in the pockets . - nobody walks in l.a .	no one walks in l.a .	1
then he decided he did n't wan na share ?	the gardener was looking in his direction .	0
please come in .	please enter .	1
there 's nothing foryou to do .	you wo n't have anything to do there .	1
the bushes off to our left parted , and the dragon ’ s head emerged .	and i 'll show you how much .	0
nevertheless , cross–national learning in the field of social policy would benefit from greater recourse to scientific methods to test and assess policy innovation .	so long before i remove your name from history books .	0
and i 'm sorry about the mort and the maura and the he and the she .	and if she does , do n't fuck another behind her back .	0
that 's a police-issued shotgun .	that 's a police shotgun .	1
i was just about to ask elvia what she was doing at luxure last night .	i actually wanted to ask elvie what she did at luxury last night .	1
lipman : i 'll let my programmer know you 're coming .	`` we have to leave the ship . ''	0
let 's get on the bus , come on .	we 're going to the bus , quick .	1
`` maybe they 've got a new cloning facility going . ''	`` they may have run a new cloning base . ''	1
and why would i do that ?	we had a little accident .	0
there is a connection as long as possible , that would bind easter island and egyptian pyramids .	then send 100,000 men .	0
we could do caroline 's , the midnight show .	he 's still showing contempt and anger .	0
we have pictures of you so-called mooners .	we have pictures of you .	1
i do not turn from what i have done .	i 'm not going back from what i 've done .	1
we 've cleaned your house . -let 's go home .	only a lion , but that was because he attacked our tent .	0
un-fucking-believable . is anybody not corrupt in this town ?	when he threatened to leave , they complied .	0
unfortunately the german national being is not based on a uniform racial type .	unfortunately , our german national sanctity is no longer confined to a single racial basis .	1
i know in a relationship like ours , the girl 's not supposed to be the one to ask . but i ca n't help it .	and so our theory remains , our victim played with black magic , and triggered the demon .	0
at bletchley , you 're as glamorous as fighter pilots .	you 're as attractive as the struggling pilots in bletchley .	1
collective financing schemes should not have the effect of excluding niche and low-volume producers , importers and new entrants .	collective financing schemes should not result in the exclusion of small and small manufacturers , importers and new entrants .	1
we have no working hours , just work .	then , the worries , the kids , like the others .	0
the draw did not sleep long or well .	he could come back when i paid .	0
`` because i do n't know what to watch for and they do .	`` because i do n't know what i should be watching , they know that .	1
i have my own mission upon which i must embark .	mrs. florrick , can you explain the connection ?	0
shall we go below , my dear ? ''	shall we go down , dear ? ``	1
cindy , voice-over ? `` i ca n't take living with him any longer .	i ca n't live with him any longer .	1
it 's the kid ! good-bye , bob .	`` when will i know ? ''	0
as a rule , only those directly involved should be present , provided that they do not obstruct children in giving evidence .	he sails at dawn .	0
“ let him look around , ” sparhawk said . “ hell complain all day if we dont. ” then talen came galloping out of the village .	eba shall use this information to compare the procedures for ensuring diversity at union level .	0
they 've already been papered and pre-cleared at the u.s. embassy in london .	the restructuring requires an end to activities that would , in the medium term , continue to be lost in structural terms .	0
you ca n't fuck her from here , dude .	you ai n't gon na fuck her out of here .	1
he reached to take hold of pie 's shoulder , but misjudged the distance and slid from the doeki 's back .	you okay ?	0
i ca n't believe henever even mentioned her .	i ca n't believe he never mentioned her .	1
up the river to the highlands ... ... or , if they could afford it , to the seashore .	either against the river into the mountains , or at sea , if they could afford it .	1
you 've been saying the same thing to me for two months ... ... and i still do n't have them .	you 've been saying the same thing for two weeks , and i still do n't have them !	1
what poison has he taken ?	sister mary will give you something to soothe and pain , if it hurts you. ``	0
the duc de courey pushed him gently in the small of the back ... and the wretched man plummeted to a watery death .	dingtian , you betrayed those people ?	0
well ? . - do n't look at me .	i remember his expression .	0
goddamn shit , goddamn shit , goddamn shit .	bloody hell .	1
aerok hill stands on those bodies .	he beat up his wife savagely .	0
damon ...	damon .	1
`` they are not departed , '' tamalane said .	`` they did n't die , '' tamalane recalled .	1
it 's almost over .	it 's over .	1
i 'm sort of rather ashamed to say it , but i 'm very rarely alone .	when i 'm embarrassed to talk about it , i rarely go alone .	1
popov hoped his voice was n't too patronizing , but this man hunnicutt was a technocrat , not one who understood people .	`` some kind of conference or something . ''	0
you have to go after him .	you have to get him !	1
well , sure , 'cause you just recently were one .	i 'm sure it is , because you 've recently had one .	1
mace had heard me and was instantly on his feet , gathering his bow and notching an arrow to the string .	he thinks he 's going to go down with me if i dive , and he 'll take out the flight control when i get up .	0
spicy mixture of vegetables and meats	vegetable-meat mixture , of more meat , half mushrooms , peppers , onions and spices in spicy sauce	1
at kamptal whether or not followed by the name of a smaller geographical unit wine with a protected designation of origin ( pdo )	in these cases the pressure meter shall be placed between two closing valves or any other corresponding system to indicate any leakage .	0
well , you know , i just walk away .	well , you know , i just left .	1
i know i called you a klutz !	yes , that 's a hanzo sword .	0
y-you want some help ?	you want some help ?	1
what if all the rogues and libertines had crossed the atlantic instead ?	what if , instead , all the villains and villains crossed the atlantic ?	1
reg was hit by five heavy bolts so that he did a little dance before falling to his knees .	reginald was struck by five heavy shots , so before he dropped to his knees , his body jerked as if in a hint of strange dancing .	1
do you know what happened when you were born , morgan ?	do you know what happened when you came to the world ?	1
`` have the man killed , '' the baron said .	and i 'm even more impressed by that jar of danby 's letter .	0
after a highly unsatisfactory conversation with the clerk on duty , i put the phone down-and that 's the very moment when i heard the rats .	after a very disappointing interview with the concierge , i put the phone down - and at that moment i heard the rats .	1
keep this forever . ''	are you asking me out on a date ?	0
well , hell , i 'd do anything to prevent bloodshed .	so why do n't you go under my touch ?	0
and me , to site 17 .	and we 're on site 17 .	1
those pants look real pretty on you bro .	i ca n't believe you grew up in the same house , and you did n't know about yourself .	0
he got kicked right back to jamaica ! louis , do you know what you just did ?	go home .	0
our world is gone now . smashed by the wars .	our world has belonged to the past , broken down in wars .	1
'only information .	only information .	1
his other wife who she did n't even know existed until you paid her a visit , shows up at her house uninvited .	his next wife for a single who had no idea until he was honored by her visit would appear in front of her house .	1
he and jesse were close ,	sounds like a joke .	0
letisten , i wanted to tell you that i really appreciate everything you did for me .	he saved the drenai and created the state .	0
'that 's why he starts saying `` i prefer not to '' ? '	url : gopher	0
the woodmen said that there was some new terror abroad , a ghost that drank blood .	the forest people said hvozd was circling some kind of new fear , a ghost that drinks blood .	1
i hope you'illet me down easier than that .	hey ... i hope you get me down in a different way than that .	1
a surprise will strike at anytime !	i ca n't fault myself for being born .	0
that 's how you pronounce his name ?	is that how you pronounce it ?	1
and then suddenly he nodded and went to sleep for a little ; and when he woke up again he said :	then he went to sleep , and when he woke up , he said , `` where were we ?	1
what do you think that this is ?	what do you think we 're doing ?	1
we 'll ship out in the next few days .	we 'll sail in a few days .	1
and , on returning to his house , he wrote her .	`` if you 're so humbled , '' said petra , `` you will only bring them to the stage for another war . ''	0
hello , little hobbit . - spark my ganja . - yeah .	hello , little hobbit , ignite my ganja .	1
no . trust .	no .	1
we 'll beat the nazis at their own game -- paperwork .	his face turned red .	0
he said he did n't .	he said he did n't kill him .	1
you knew i 'd say yes .	you knew i nodded .	1
a continent torn by war and conflict has managed to turn over a new leaf and steer itself away from belligerent nationalism .	the continent , torn by war and conflicts , was able to reverse the list and move away from the boisterous nationalism .	1
if he strikes too soon , the whole pod will dive .	open your eyes ... two stewards of the municipal .	0
`` and why should not they prove true ?	by selling drugs ?	0
you turn them on and off , inside , indoor light switches , to see what happens .	you can turn them on and off , you 'll see what happens .	1
ahh . it says here she was a nerd , in high school .	it says she was in high school .	1
i 'm sorry .	i 'm hâyat .	0
however , sham voyages without cargo on board carried out to circumvent the rules laid down in the regulation can not be permitted .	uh , dad , you did n't leak the pipe that allowed the water to trickle down under the house , did it ?	0
no note , no clues , nothing for the police to go on .	i mean , friends , family .	0
the test duration is 720 hours , with the sprinkling cycle defined in paragraph 6.10.3 .	i guess the crime is really worth it .	0
once , there were other living things .	there were other beings once .	1
hey , you two . look who 's here . - hello , darling .	i 'll break my watch on the way to the meeting .	0
it gave them freedom of ontastbaren .	oh .	0
keedair grabbed hannem 's stun-projector and directed it at the scrappy youth .	keedair grabbed hanima 's stunner and headed for a skinny boy .	1
you ca n't promise that , carlos .	you ca n't guarantee this , carlos .	1
but every so often i get these images of her , especially when i smell her perfume .	this is the only way we can find charmy .	0
you calling your fucking friends again ?	i do n't care who you kiss .	0
in every box a thin layer of the super-super-concentrated ore was fed over a vibrating tray .	in each booth , a thin layer of highly concentrated ore fell on the vibrating tray .	1
i 'll go out and get the firewood .	but they are probably night hunters , and it will be hard to trace .	0
there 's no way out .	he looked at her and again astonished him .	0
look , religion is the opium of the masses .	look , religion is humanity 's opium .	1
they planted that one here !	i wish it were all just a dream ... ... and i woke up ... ... and you were with me .	0
the hill had made the thing harder to get out ... so she had simply removed half the hillside to make it easier .	so michaels planned to find morrison 's house , hidden somewhere , where he would see from him , and he would wait .	0
`` not a thing , chief .	this is all the smallpox i 've encountered or heard about .	0
he bit down on the toothpick in his mouth and the ragged front half of it fell on the doorsill .	then , with such vehemence , he bit into a toothpick that his frayed front half fell to the threshold of the room .	1
yeah . we just did n't know paige was coming over tonight , so ...	yeah , we just did n't know paige would be here today .	1
gothic 18/20 dot japanese and iso-8859-1 x11 bitmap fonts	no , it 's okay .	0
whoa , eh . sorry .	i 'm sorry .	1
as to some of your classmates ... ... well , let 's just say they 're unlikely to make the shelf	i know you 're close .	0
this is a flare gun in case we get stranded , and these are for the engine .	registration shall enable them to carry out activities in other member states under the freedom of establishment or the freedom to provide services or by establishing branches .	0
i 'm john hopkins .	my name 's john hopkins .	1
your temperature has gone up , today .	your temperature 's up .	1
even in wartime .	and even during the war .	1
there was a throb of chill fear in her voice .	i 'm just packing some clothes , and i 'll be with you in a minute .	0
wait . okay , dare .	wait a minute .	1
you ’ ll be a very dirty girl next time , susie .	you 're going to be a very sick little girl next time , susie .	1
but it was an awfully big dragon !	the dragon was too big !	1
maybe she 'll still come around .	move the pointer to a place where you want the line segment to end .	0
shard had always seen himself as a generous man , but it had been hard to give way on the matter .	we have to meet somewhere private .	0
the 97 days mr porter has served in county jail… would be credited to his overall sentence .	the 97 days , which mr porter has served in a county jail , are included in the overall sentence .	1
all will answer mordor 's call . come on .	but mostly , i 'm pretending i do n't know how my husband meets every week with a stripper named tangerine .	0
what do you do ?	hawk hefted one of the paper packages , then gauged the size of the crate .	0
i do n't know , but he wo n't even speak .	production requirements recommend the possibility of parallel farming .	0
what is in there ?	what 's going on ?	1
make it work with one line . `` i did n't even know the man . ''	he signaled for guenhwyvar to remain behind , then crept to the guard 's perimeter .	0
that 's the same thing as x plus a times x plus a , and we 've seen this before .	and that 's the same thing as x-plus ( a ) times x plus a , which you already know .	1
fifty guineas says he 's dead . sixty says he 's alive .	fifty guineas on being dead . sixty on being alive .	1
in that connection , it makes it clear that its reasoning is based on percentage of turnover and not absolute amounts .	chapter xx introduction , transitional obligation and vstup in payment article 85 disputes 1 .	0
sammael has found a way of harnessing the collective energies from each of the fallen .	sammael found a way to control the common energy from each of the padres .	1
we 're late .	it 's me , ben . it 's late .	1
the regulation , it asserts , therefore has the effect of completely liberalising transit traffic through its territory .	it argues that the regulation thus results in full liberalisation of transit traffic across the territory of austria .	1
you got a lot of nerve charging these sisters out here money to get their hair did , and you lookin ' like chewbacca .	you 've got a lot of nerve racking up your sisters , so many of them go to her hair , and she looks like chewbacca .	1
hi , mrs.cooper . is ? sheldon went home to texas	just tell penelope i 'm not feeling well , okay ?	0
okay , detective , but let me be perfectly clear , you can not help him either .	okay , detective , but for the record , you ca n't even help him .	1
i can give you -- i 'm talking about the president . the president . - mao .	`` suits me , '' reacher said .	0
these soldiers are norman osborn 's brainchild .	norman osborn is the mental father of these soldiers .	1
`` she will never give in , ''	hey , petter !	0
it 's crazy , but i love you . i wanted to see if i 'd be glad to see you again .	i wanted to know if i 'd be happy to see you again .	1
meat and cheese platter .	if this is what you want , and you think you can beat hakeem , that 's what we 're gon na do , baby .	0
plug it in , like the old times .	you 're choking !	0
'do n't you want to know what it is ? '	so , what 's it like to be a man of genius ?	0
what , do you live here	what , are you living here ?	1
the real riddle is how i 'm gon na go three days without shooting one of these silly-ass knights of the nerd table .	do you remember him ?	0
no , not much going on . other than your interim chief making out with my friend in the stairwell , but , hey ...	no , not much is going on , except that a temporary mayor kisses my friend in the stairwell .	1
icm on system	icm system system correction	1
welcome to paradise .	welcome to the bahamas .	1
show the old man what you got .	show the old man how to do it .	1
i know something about you , godspell .	please ? 't is the damn big head . ' the damn big head is the heart of the hearts queen .	0
if you need her , the lab is really close to the day care .	if you need it , the lab is really close to the nursery .	1
except for criminal .	except for sentencing .	1
silence !	yes , mr. carson .	0
but what if ...	and on that golf course ... he was my cousin too .	0
we 're both sort of rocky horror fans .	it was a disgrace .	0
then i 'll go to koh pha ngan with you .	i think they work by themselves the way they are .	0
if it 's a performance , it 's a good one .	if it 's a show , it 's good .	1
is that a face that'il sell motor oil , or what ?	any telegrams ?	0
please join me in welcoming a man who need only be introduced by his first name ,	please welcome the man i can introduce to his first name .	1
so , since we do n't have all the exact equipment needed to read the disk , this will require a lot of trial , error , musing .	i 'm sorry .	0
yes . - i believe it 's called starship .	you 're our guest today .	0
we 've got families everyone of us is a family man	we have families .	1
is it like the tweed ?	the tweed ?	1
`` lots of it . ''	`` much of the metal . ''	1
you 've interfered with my air conditioning .	what have you done to my air conditioning ?	1
intel had said the skinnies were smuggling heavy weapons across the border from ethiopia .	but even illnesses have travelled along these paths .	0
`` how are you called ? '' murbella demanded .	oleg , it 's your christmas present .	0
wan na bring on a full opr investigation ?	you want to bring a full investigation into the p.t.o. , agent jones ?	1
violation of flaw security .	behind the bar .	0
moreover , mr m described the part of the common understanding which required implementation measures , namely the notification and project loading mechanism .	in addition , mr m. described part of the general agreement requiring implementing measures , namely the notification and accounting mechanism .	1
come on , who wants to take this seriously ?	he 's translating .	0
i know i have to get back to my timeline , but i 'm talking about this olivia in this timeline .	i know i have to go back to my time line , but i 'm talking about olivia from this time line .	1
i 'm just wondering if you insult your current boyfriend in the same way .	forget about it . it 's too hard .	0
madame la roche ? you 've read that , too ?	madame la roche ?	1
but you will still have to sail to heligoland for your death scene .	there will be nothing for me .	0
honey , you know we think of you always .	honey , we think of you every day .	1
professor bressler has entered the hall .	professor bressler 's entering .	1
feeling a lot better , thanks .	did n't i teach you not to ?	0
thus as this solemn wedding feast we shall enjoy the greatest delicacy	where 's jack 's gun ?	0
we 've been going for hours .	we 're going for a couple of hours .	1
it spun towards the gateway , but an enemy warrior leapt and caught it by the hilt .	the sword flew to the gate , but one warrior leapt to his feet and caught the hilt .	1
she was , amadeo .	the boy is clearly not me .	0
america is n't what we say here tonight .	`` america is n't what we 're talking about today .	1
this was one of the most clever methods of breaking into a house .	`` duke , if we ever get out of it , i promise i 'll smash your face . ''	0
would you like a drink ?	he 'll come back .	0
i need a complete situational , long-term , overview perspective .	did they find her here ?	0
i 'll get a jeep and take the officers back .	i 'll get the jeep and i 'll take them there .	1
rain check .	what a small town .	0
i know who made the phone calls .	i do n't know , i think , after the accident ,	0
hi , i 'm -- - kyle !	hey , i'm- - kyle !	1
i remember , a thing , she 's ... she 's somewhere else .	no , leave me alone !	0
is it still cool in your world ?	is it still cool with you ?	1
hi . glad to have you back .	if you want a section of panorama in a piece of metal without marking what it points to , or why ?	0
the high-pressure course he was taking gave him no time for much social life , and for that he was grateful .	bad news , davin , i 'm going to goa , you 're going to goa !	0
in the fuel cartridge of the space ship was the very last trace of the martian war effort 's supply of the universal will to become .	in the fuel tank of the spacecraft , the last pinch of martian war supplies was a universal will after being .	1
i used sulfuric acid too ! but i got 10 years !	is that gum ?	0
you mean antro ?	you probably feel like ... ( and he 's very dangerous . ) you would n't have a choice , but you have jack .	0
okay , that 's it people .	okay , guys , that 's it .	1
we want names most of all .	stop , stop , stop !	0
then i 'm a philistine . no .	i 'm a philistine too .	1
lied to her .	i lied .	1
wallace tell you nothing about me when you got here ?	wallace did n't tell you about me ?	1
i designed these agents to liberate programs , and you 're using them to make slaves .	i 'll call the cop who shot the kid .	0
`` but you still ask me to go ? ''	`` still , do you want me to go ? ''	1
you chew on it .	chew it up .	1
such a list would in any event be liable to change over time .	such a list would , in any case , change over time .	1
he was happy and carefree .	he was happy and no problem .	1
you forgot me already ?	oh , you forgot ?	1
so may i say ... ... it is a pleasure working with a true professional again .	you love your human nature .	0
next you 'll be touching riku and stig .	next time , you 'll be groping rick and stiga .	1
learn the rules .	no , i do n't .	0
and you see that over here .	you can see that here .	1
`` i 've not seen him lately , but you can check the library or the chapel . ''	`` i have n't seen him for a long time , but look into the library or the chapel . ''	1
i do n't have one yet , but i 'm getting it this year .	you see how it fell off the bone ?	0
i 'll catch up later .	`` come on , master-horn , use the queen 's english .	0
german electoral coalition	german election community	1
we 're sweeping the building for radiation .	once a week , i fed him real mice .	0
you want to get it on ?	you want to try it ?	1
i got you , carl , you 're a genius .	so i locked her in the back , gave her a coke and a pie .	0
i shall meet this young man at your party for him , mrs. weston .	we missed the last taxi .	0
from the greek word .	from the greek word `` pi . ''	1
if i knew you 're woman i would not have ...	if i 'd known you were a woman , i 'd never be looking for you .	1
but there , she has n't the strength -- she simply has n't the strength .	because i do n't want to .	0
seems you blokes are running a bit hot .	seems like you guys got a little bit of a twist .	1
error searching for the next discussion	an error occurred while searching for further discussion .	1
see , and i used to take gymnastics at pal .	and i went to pal for gymnastics .	1
it was you that told them about big molly , was n't it ?	you told them about molly , did n't you ?	1
they 're the jewels you did n't know she had .	we had to spend all our money on a private school with my wife .	0
she believes that we are soul mates for eternity .	he believes we 're kindred souls for eternity .	1
like the way he 'd stare at you .	it 's like he 's staring at you .	1
if you selfishly shoot prisoners , you 'll be banished from the country .	look at you , james dean .	0
more so than usual . now back to the soothing sounds of the apocalypse .	now , back to the soothing sounds of the apocalypse .	1
but thou wouldst not think how ill all 's here about my heart .	i went to my car and i stopped before i opened the door and got in .	0
i – legal framework a – the trips agreement 3 .	i - legal context a - trips agreement 3 .	1
you understand , do n't you ?	do you understand this or not ?	1
you could not do this on your own .	you could n't have done it yourself .	1
the girl , she has her father 's talent .	did she inherit her father 's talents ?	1
oh , i can think of worse places .	i know worse places .	1
but i want to wait until i get you something really special .	if he did n't destroy it , it might somehow be found .	0
they 're a peruvian band that escaped ! we must keep them contained !	i guess you heard that .	0
now that does n't make sense .	it does n't make any sense .	1
let me just see where i put that .	i 'll see where i put it .	1
one time , i do the right thing and give my ... my daughter this wedding that she wants .	for once , do the right thing ... ... and give your daughter the wedding she wants .	1
i know you know this but the sooner they think i can handle things on my own , the sooner they ’ il kick you back down south .	i know you know , but they 'll soon think i can do it myself , they 'll soon kick you back south .	1
if those guys start sniffing around , they usually got a tip from somebody .	when these guys start snooping around , they usually get a tip .	1
you know that thing i said about you getting soft ?	you know what i said about you ?	1
leggy runners had sprouted unchecked from the rose bushes ; the few remaining blooms were faded and dropping petals in the thorny sprawl .	`` secondhand ? '' i asked .	0
no , as long as the feeling 's mutual and legitimate .	not if their feelings are mutual and legitimate .	1
if you think it 's so easy to handle bart simpson , why do n't you do it yourself ?	why do n't you do it yourself ?	1
out ! ... table tennis , it did n't matter .	no cars ! ... table tennis , it does n't matter .	1
recite the sacramentum and commit loyalty .	recite the oath and make a pledge of loyalty .	1
you 're the one that wanted to quit .	you wanted to quit .	1
he wo n't beat you .	everyone in our family heals the sons ' name stanley because that 's yelnats backwards .	0
you go to housekeeping , have them give you as many shower caps	you go for the maid , take so many shower caps	1
like your adolescent fear of being a so-called blow-up doll .	like your youthful fear of the so-called inflatable .	1
the concentration shall be known , to an accuracy of ±2 per cent in reference to a gravimetric standard expressed in volume .	the concentration shall be known with an accuracy of ± 2 % in relation to a volume gravimetric standard .	1
he 's certainly not the biggest or the best ... but that wo n't matter in the sewage plant .	it 's not the best , but it does n't matter at the sewage treatment .	1
i once was tangled in a jump rope for an entire day .	once i got tangled in a swing for the day .	1
well , gentlemen ?	`` sit down and fade away , '' he whispered .	0
`` a hundred kilometers to the liter . ''	`` a thousand miles . ''	1
why have n't you e-mailed me yet ?	i told you there 's nothing to catch .	0
wait , you stopped at a motel ?	would you mind leaving me , please ?	0
in the ancient times , before humans invented writing ... they searched for the stone that resembled their feelings , and gave it to another person .	maybe if you let me finish .	0
okay . take a nice , deep breath now .	deep breath .	1
by dawn , he was so hoarse he could only croak a few words .	i 've never been on a trip before .	0
report says massive trauma delivered beneath victim 's chin enough to snap his neck , i guess , and to the rear of the victim 's skull .	oh , shit !	0
i 've given the order to dismantle the quantum drive until the technology can be perfected .	my friendship and respect are limitless .	0
do everything to diminish the hazards .	i loved you .	0
i could have at least sold it for scrap , but batman kept it .	i 'm looking for llano .	0
in addition , the agency explored topics related to accountability and trust in the future internet .	she also addressed matters relating to the obligation to match and trust on the internet of the future .	1
uhm .	a moment later she was far away from him and catriana .	0
the amount of assigned revenue in accordance with article 21 ( 3 ) of the financial regulation is estimated at eur 1 000 .	amount of assigned revenue in accordance with article 21 ( 3 ) of the financial regulation : p.m .	1
you would have said ... - why ?	why ?	1
unless i 'm there for a purpose .	if i 'm not there for a reason .	1
someplace that is n't burning .	you know , you met the people in the ss decontrol , you borrowed their stuff .	0
the secret to cooking dwarf is ... - yes ?	the secret to cooking dwarfs is ...	1
well , i figured we could just stop here and pick somebody up .	do you want me to leave a woman i know only her name in my house ?	0
and i want you to stay away from me .	`` ca n't you just tell me ? ''	0
so , when the bush administration wanted to oppose iran ’ s program , merely pointing to the bare fact of enrichment wasn ’ t enough .	so , as the bush administration wanted to oppose iran 's program , merely pointing to uranium enrichment was not enough .	1
a muffled sound of voices floated up from the far end of the graveyard .	there were muted voices from the far end of the cemetery .	1
they 're looking for some men to take charge and ask them to dance .	i thought i did n't know if i could do this without her .	0
we must protect our people .	or maybe he just found the courage to ask you out .	0
and the decision was eventually to make it a live album down at the fillmore , which in the end , i think , was a great decision .	from now on ...	0
it 's like i 've always said - when the time 's right .	as i always said , when the time comes .	1
move the pointer to where you want the curve segment to end . the curve follows the pointer .	when i 'm on my right , you 're going ahead with the left .	0
one bomb , oi ...	`` vanity lives constantly . ''	0
hey , where 's the fire , huh ?	hey , is there a fire ?	1
so , since we 're not allowed to tell anyone , how did you explain this to your fiancée ?	i 'll tell you what i do n't even like , sheila 's dinner to cook .	0
this way now ! '	`` where 's the tranquilizer gas ? '' he asked , clambering up the metal cutters .	0
so the prophecy says .	that 's what the prophecy says .	1
you see i 'm having an affair , and you just assume i 'm a bad person and a dope fiend .	of course .	0
anthony brevourt raised his eyes and looked at vittorio and lied .	sorry , dear bramboro .	0
showing your new lady knight the sights ?	now tell me what happened to your eye , eric .	0
he must have known and he carefully led us in the wrong direction .	just pray it 's a `` nine-life situation . ''	0
`` such things as brushes and combs , photographs , toilet things , clothes ... ''	he added : `` like brushes and ridges , photographs , toiletries , clothes ... ''	1
the dungeon where i keep rude people who run their mouth .	although they contain a comprehensive and inter-ministerial approach , all of the plans have been received at the department of health .	0
we just kept bash­ing our heads against the wall until we got tired of the squishy sound . ''	did one of them paint one and the same tree over and over ?	0
`` though i suppose i should have .	`` although i think i might have known .	1
two greats .	two great .	1
‘ subsidiary ’ means a subsidiary undertaking as defined in articles 1 and 2 of directive 83/349/eec ; ( m )	`` subsidiary '' means a subsidiary as defined in articles 1 and 2 of directive 84 / 349 / eec ;	1
it 's shit like this that 's gon na bring this situation to a head , man !	shit like this is gon na get you in the end of this situation , man !	1
very good , sir . i appreciate that .	thank you , sir , i appreciate that .	1
it 's impossible . i would know if i were killing people .	but the islanders remain persistent and skilful people .	0
see if he contacted alex harris from it .	do you remember ?	0
daddy , how 'd you get so good at bending ?	dad , how did you learn to bend so well ?	1
he sent me the most heartbreaking e-mail about declawing .	i 've never been on a barbarian ship before. ``	0
he 's been following us all around ... and he 's following us close .	he 's been following us all the time ... ... and he 's very close .	1
`` follow me , john carter , '' replied xodar , and without waiting for my reply he dashed down into the tunnel at our feet .	`` follow me , john carter , '' xodar replied , without waiting for my answer , stepping down into the dark mouth of the corridor .	1
where applicable , the state aid rules must be taken into account at the design of the support schemes .	in the form of aid programmes , the rules of state aid must be taken into account in the appropriate way .	1
we got two antidotes in that oven .	no , it 's not what i was saying .	0
no , you do n't .	we 'll try to tell you what we can. ``	0
what 's in the package ?	what is this ?	1
mr. oneko , if you tracked down apollo in hopes of finding financial security , i 'm urging you to simply walk away .	when i was a kid , it was my favourite ferrari .	0
baak hok and wing chun schools of martial arts .	the best of shaolin , wutang , school baak hoke and wing chun .	1
thus an intensive energy and material exchange ( e.g . blast furnace gas , coke oven gas , coke , limestone ) takes place in regular operation .	as a result , there is a major energy and material flows in the normal operation ( e.g. , high-speed gas , coke , coke , lime ) .	1
i do n't know italian , but i know what that means .	he needs help .	0
guy needs his hero .	i have a date to make .	0
he 's a birdwatcher for fuck 's sake .	'cause the cans are much harder , right ?	0
so i took her in the back and gave her some coke and ammonia .	on the right	0
i 'm trying to help you .	but i 'm trying to help .	1
i sent out a locator signal , which enabled a command carrier to overtake and destroy the scarran dreadnought	so , what if i made you the key ?	0
borken reversed his direction and used the sig-sauer to shove readier toward him .	bring the widow here , or she will feel alone .	0
account contribution to equity	on behalf of the galactic spirit , i curse this ship. ``	0
how can i help you ? you can help me by giving me three of your best doggone suites , baby .	you can fucking help me if you give me your three best rooms , baby .	1
he shuffled awkwardly into the shadow of the cliff , drew closer to the three live ones .	i need to talk to you .	0
a product that on account of the greeks ' partiality for it and its special place in their diet has been described as a `` national food '' .	you 're not .	0
i did get a lot of your letters but they all told me to wait for this and wait for that .	marilyn has got to be prepared .	0
twenty-three pages compiled from a dozen reference books .	twenty-three stall stacks collected from a dozen specialist books .	1
now wait a minute ! diarrhea drains the body of vitamin e and weakens one 's sex drive .	only the master of the city could do it , and only if he was incredibly powerful. ``	0
the scan 's clean . no sign of any physical abnormality .	the scan showed no physiological abnormality .	1
after diving only 100 miles , the pressure got high enough to crush the probe .	after descending just 160 miles , the pressure increased enough to crush the probe .	1
neo-dolphins are much too young to take on the responsibilities of patronhood .	the neo-cons are still too young to take charge of patronage .	1
worlds like yours ... where people 's souls live inside their bodies --	we 'll check the bentley if we ca n't find evidence .	0
we are grateful --	we 're grateful ...	1
anything amusing in the gazette ? it 's not very amusing .	but if you break the rules of his program , you 'll be spending next year in a state prison .	0
boranova 's quiet , even voice was making him realize that his ordinary bedtime was past and that he was sleepy .	not just the spartans want to get her .	0
how is it she knows everything ?	how do you think he knows everything ?	1
pay attention to what you 're doing !	it sucks , but they give me a lollipop always if i have to be a cardiologist .	0
was it a dinner ?	you know , you just saved my life , i 'm the 6200000000 nano-robots coursing through my epiphthalamus , and my emotions were a little bit everywhere .	0
no . thomas speaking .	maybe when he comes back to my mom , we can discuss it .	0
he must 've been trapped by the fire !	it was surrounded by fire .	1
yes they w ... how did you know that ?	how did you know ?	1
we have to get to the road .	we 'll go to the road .	1
please , just let us go !	please , let 's go .	1
i 'll borrow one of your tops .	i 'll borrow one of your toppings .	1
and create a world designed and controlled by him .	i also did a little research on debbie meyers .	0
and that 's why i 'm giving her this fancy pen .	and that 's why she gets this elegant pen .	1
you 're such a bad little badalandabad .	you dirty little badalandabad .	1
tonight ... ... for the first and only timein its entire life , it will blossom .	tonight , for the first time and the only time in your life , bloom .	1
i just throw her to the wolves .	shut up , cripple !	0
i just dumped tc .	mcgee , this is like an extra christmas .	0
uh , my advice -- that 's probably not a good strategy .	i have to go to work .	0
no , i 've never worked in the field before .	he must not reveal you know the truth .	0
tell whom ?	to whom ?	1
'cause i 'm gon na have your son here with me .	you have to stay here , okay ?	0
out to the bar t ... ... looking for them .	i 'd hate for her to be in discomfort .	0
( chuckles ) classic .	classic .	1
the greeks and turks are at each other 's throats again .	'they care about the pelosi , princess , 'martel replied .	0
hey , mr. nebbercracker . it 's time to go .	mr. gryffindor , we have to go .	1
investment is not something i 'm particularly interested in ...	vampires can be killed so easily , the vampire says .	0
but you came to me and we both knew where to go .	but then you showed up , and we both knew where to go .	1
'where did father and mother part - by the brown house , did you say ? '	`` where did daddy and mom break up - at brown 's house , you say ? ''	1
that failure on the part of the state to meet its own obligations therefore justified the payment of compensation by a body responsible for compensating victims .	can i smoke ?	0
we need a reality change .	because every now and then we will be surrounded by an ori ship .	0
it 's several kilometers to find another way around that ridge .	i 'm glad to meet you .	0
oh , hey . you wan na see something really freaky ?	you want to see something really crazy ?	1
i 'll tell you what i know , and you might as well know it too , right now .	i 'll tell you what i know , and maybe how it is .	1
darling , i did the news , and i nailed it . i nailed it .	you brought it to me !	0
parade fun we both had .	we enjoyed the fun courtship .	1
we ’ ve found the letters from kolya gorbunov to lika , but there ’ s no word of valera .	there 's a letter from the koli gorbunova , but there 's no mention of valer .	1
we believe these five carjackings are the work of one crew .	as he just learned , his blood is infected .	0
treatment for jimsonweed od is physostigmine .	the treatment for durman poisoning is eserine .	1
the kid is very smart .	let 's get out of here .	0
i forgot my gloves ,	i left my gloves .	1
part of your stomach 's gone into your chest , so we 'll place your stomach back and repair the diaphragm with mesh .	a part of your stomach has penetrated your chest , so we return it to its place - and we will lock the diaphragm .	1
i 'd have liked to argue but could n't .	i 'd like to argue , but i could n't .	1
actually , i 'm not mrs. bishop .	i 'll tell you , i 'm not mrs. bishop .	1
have you hurt him , however unintentionally ?	i have my own job to do .	0
mother , should i build the wall	art competitions ... the activities of the auction house .	0
if you want to worry about something , you should be worrying about how ... you have n't made a move on the princess yet .	if you want to worry about something , it should be for the princess that you have n't taken the next step .	1
more area to absorb the concussion of a blow without breaking .	enough room to absorb the force of the blow without fractures .	1
dr. alan guth is a revered figure in cosmology .	bus leaves in half an hour .	0
at eu level , where there is an added risk that institutions are remote from the citizens , this principle is of particular importance .	this principle is particularly important at eu level , where there is a greater risk of secession from citizens .	1
kind of like finding a penguin in a sandstorm .	not yet .	0
me is goldi .	she always had her left hand , she always had it worse .	0
- where is everybody ? -- home to kevin .	`` sir henry tomlinson of grosvenor square , please . ''	0
there were three ! there 's a lot of them baby .	karis listened silently as tarantio told her about the road and rescue of pearl .	0
it 's kind of like floating on a peaceful lake with a tornado in your head or something .	gunfire came to them from a distant tunnel .	0
eight years of waking up in the mornings , of looking in the mirror and thinking :	growers when they harvest crops , it 's like they won the lottery .	0
but otherwise there was absolutely no excuse for it - and several arguments against , as you 've just discovered ! '	because i only have it every 25 years .	0
i really wanted to be there .	i wanted to come .	1
turn here . go .	go ! go !	1
if thou desert my people ... ... i shall go to rome to be crucified a second time .	if you leave my people , i will go to rome to crucify me for a second time .	1
i see you were locked inside .	they locked you in here .	1
in the highways . in the highways .	i wanted to make sure that los was as secure as a boy scout .	0
barrera : you do n't have to `` sir '' me in here , chris . sanchez :	you do n't have to call me `` sir , '' chris .	1
i will drink all the alcohol i can .	i 'll drink as much as i can .	1
this is n't exactly the reaction i was looking for .	this is n't exactly the reaction i 'd expect	1
you 're too nice a girl to be in this place .	you 're too pretty to be here .	1
come eat cookies with the others after you 've packed .	`` can you at least give some reason for your secret ?	0
what the fuck are you doing here ?	i 've been looking for jobs for three weeks , and nothing .	0
`` i have no connection whatever with mr. and mrs. doyle , '' said poirot stiffly .	`` i 'm not in any kind of connection with mr. doyle or mrs. doyle , '' said poirot flatly .	1
route 1 , box 253b , us-79072 plainview euromalto s.r.l .	pf. , 4440 tiszavasvári , hu agrogén mezőgazdasági kutató-fejlesztő kft .	1
you 're all going down .	you 're all coming .	1
start it ?	'you 're crazy , lady , 'said raych .	0
you want me to leave the whole house to a person whose name is the only thing i know ?	a big package from afghanistan ? !	0
yes , you did .	yeah , yeah , yeah !	1
as i 've explained , he 's not easy to get at .	and if you do n't think of anyone who can leave tomorrow , i 'm in trouble .	0
you ever been wounded ?	i 've noticed it at the restaurant .	0
it means treating something that 's not human as if it is .	yeah , i do n't even have to shower .	0
we will catch lang , and we will string keller up by his thumbs until he cries for forgiveness .	we 'll catch lang and keller for his own thumbs up until he 's begging for mercy .	1
and i bought our dream home and did n't even know it . ''	`` i bought my dream home without even knowing about it . ''	1
now i see how history has rewarded them .	now i see how history has retaliated .	1
kirby . come on , do it .	come on .	1
so , an imperial brothel . a most logical way to balance the state budget .	the way we ate turkey .	0
however , in the pessimistic scenario , airbaltic would have negative ebit until at least 2016 .	under the pessimistic scenario , however , airbaltic would show negative economic results before interest and taxation ( ebit ) at least until 2016 .	1
and here 's some more great news .	yeah , and i got more good news .	1
my father 's brother was supposed to be a genius .	my father said he was a genius .	1
the inverted compass , which was fastened by a copper ferule to the woodwork of the cabin , broke off and fell on the floor .	the compass , which was fixed with a copper circular on his cabin in the cabin , broke off and fell to the floor .	1
the project 's template widget , if any	the ultimate term is constantly changing .	0
i 'm still listening .	the decrease in employment , which took place in the period concerned , was of the same order as the contraction of the market .	0
it 's the right message , i 'm just reading it wrong .	you made her up ... and all the fucking rules .	0
she ’ d only caught the barest glimpses of them , but she had heard all the stories .	you got a wink and a wink .	0
not quite everything , eh ?	she was defending herself heroically with the revolver in her hand , cutting through the broken windows whenever one of the savages showed up .	0
okay . - yes .	you 're my best ... you 're my best friends .	0
our driveway ?	so you dodged a charge of treason .	0
arryl felt his temper rise .	arryl felt anger rise in him .	1
this is pretty sick , but i 'm hungry .	let 's talk .	0
i said i was sorry a hundred times .	put it down , buddy !	0
we 're telling you about it now . raylan :	we 're telling you now .	1
do you want any more crisps , gran ?	you want any more chips , grandma ?	1
grimes , i am a montage artist .	grimes , i 'm a cut artist .	1
i waited , decided he was n't going to reply , and fetched my suitcase out of the corner .	it 's not all bad .	0
if you ask me , henry , when a girl goes missing ... it 's everybody 's business .	as far as i 'm concerned , henry , if a girl goes missing , it 's all of us .	1
probably something she used before he grabbed her .	she probably used it before they kidnapped her .	1
hello , post modern review .	hello , postmodern revue .	1
carlos ayala started out in the family connection business -- real estate in tijuana , fishing boats out of ensenada , hydroponic strawberries .	sam said you could refuse to help .	0
keith looked up .	i want to drive them !	0
i came out of the womb with a full head of hair .	the empire may fail , but it has n't happened yet .	0
i thought , sweet god , what is this ?	he had a theory , but he had yet to be able to verify it .	0
other information about california poppy medicines	gery , alan , ray , if you want to play , get in the car .	0
i used to have three fittings on a nightgown and i 'm not that deformed .	i used to bowl three rehearsals on a nightgown , and i 'm not so deformed .	1
off of me , you bug-eyed creep !	he heard the shower begin .	0
please , open .	setup is now restarting your computer and redoing the action .	0
ok ? and , look , and this is n't the first time this has happened , ok ?	did you ever eat turkey burger ?	0
the report will be available at : http : //ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp ? catid=119 & langid=en .	the report will be available at : http : / / ec.europa.eu / social / main.jsp ? catid = 119 & langid = en .	1
once you 're disconnected from the explorer , you guys are on your own for however long this storm lasts .	when the explorer is disconnected , you 'll be alone until the storm is over .	1
to repeat that for the stoners showing up late , in california , you can legally buy pot in a store like you 're buying beer or cookies .	repetition for those who came late : in california , you can legally buy marijuana in a shop .	1
did you see that , grandpa ?	you 'd never want to touch that .	0
'except lupine , ' said arthur .	'except for lupin , 'said arthur hurriedly .	1
he did n't want to touch them just now .	he did n't want to touch them in the slightest .	1
i 'll meet you at the landing field .	i 'll be in the area for the landing .	1
buckwheat ‘ miód drahimski ’ means honey produced from buckwheat ( fagopyrum ) .	it 's just that we 're going to leave this planet together ,	0
on the way to my meeting , my watch cracks .	what the fuck else ?	0
ancient alien theorists view puma punku as clear proof of extraterrestrial influence .	advocates of the ancient alien theory see in puma punku 's clear evidence of alien influence .	1
it 's a bird that impales its prey , harvests the organs to eat later .	i went to the phone and picked up the phone .	0
one day soon i will have your life .	once , soon , i 'll see your life .	1
ray is in the middle of a solo album .	where 'd you get that ?	0
self-confidence .	self-esteem .	1
the person behind litchfield 's death ... behind j.j. 's kidnapping ... global tech c.e.o . helen burton .	the person behind the death of mr. litchfield , behind the kidnapping of j.j. , is executive director of global tech , helen burton .	1
what i put in my book , as of noon ... is that i apprehended you for driving too fast .	`` the shoe 's finished , '' i told her .	0
the reason i 'm here is to find out what 's happening to me .	i 'm just here to find out what 's going on with me .	1
he 's mad , is what 's going on .	he 's crazy , it 's happening .	1
how you doin ' , marley .	that 's the coolest game in the world , man .	0
`` she 's in the television room , watching television . ''	`` he watches television . ''	1
you just be quiet .	be quiet and be a good girl .	1
richard 's taking me to atlantic city for the weekend .	that 's what normal nurses do .	0
is your body mass somehow tied into your self-worth ?	are you cutting through your body mass ?	1
until then i 'd like to devote myself to caring for your daughter 's soul .	until then , i 'd like to take care of your daughter .	1
facebook status update .	there is currently an internal consultation within the commission .	0
it feels like i just exercised .	no !	0
when i was fixing it up , it was almost like i was with ya .	when i fixed him , it was like i was with you .	1
downtown , near wall street . why ?	this professional experience is taken into account only if a diploma has been obtained after obtaining a diploma , which is required to participate in this competition .	0
did somebody here leave a map in the printer to youngstown , ohio ?	we 'll see how he leads in the second round .	0
amy snaked your spot in the pyramid .	amy blew your place in a pyramid .	1
to delete a user , first sign in , then go to `` help settings '' and click on `` accounts '' .	to delete users , log in , click help and settings , and then click accounts .	1
mm-hmm . and ... and that 's what tomorrow night 's about .	i had him .	0
monster headache , right ?	well ...	0
letter for you , sir .	mail for you , sir .	1
the plan is to refill in hawaii , so sit down and buckle up .	you should n't talk about him like that .	0
my assistant tells me i should try to kill him with kindness , and i tried , but it 's like this guy 's immune to human interaction .	my assistant told me to beat him up by being nice , and i tried , but he 's like immune to human behavior .	1
pissed you off , did n't it- that she would n't let you help ?	that upset you , did n't she ?	1
commander , do you ... ?	your bus has just arrived .	0
hipster rule number three --	hippy rule number three :	1
i do . and it 's not like i have n't wondered about my birth mother .	and it 's not like i 'm not thinking about my biological mother .	1
you want your daughter to see you sprawled out on the floor knocked out ?	do you want your daughter to see you convulsing in a hamster on the ground ?	1
yes , but women who have common sense are usually so curiously plain .	yes , but women who have minds are usually peculiar .	1
not exactly a special thing , but it 's just , i hate mushrooms , and amy loves them .	has miss brown checked in yet ?	0
when my brother was killed in vietnam , he decided we was n't going to lose another son to that particular war .	the brother fell in vietnam , and his father decided he would n't be missing another son .	1
get food ! ”	however , barret claimed he had no reason to kill susan because she should have gotten married soon .	0
would this be a good time to finish your activities for the day ? ''	( 3 ) oj c 45 e , 25.2.2003 , p .	0
i told him you were a ho and a trick .	i told him you were a whore and a customer .	1
everyone get up .	everybody up !	1
now , would that be smoking or nonsmoking , mr your ticket .	smokers , or non-smokers , mr. your ticket .	1
`` too bad we did n't have any canned routines on file for this . ''	help me , i have to find my daughter .	0
the continent of equus receded below , the face of the horse obscured by red dust cloud .	beneath us the continent was gone , its head covered with a cloud of red sand .	1
i wish i could take you home .	i 'd say people would like to follow you on twitter .	0
we 'll beg 'em or bribe 'em or something .	so we ask them or we bribe or something .	1
oh !	yay !	1
e , vince better not be in that car !	% s only supports a workstation license :	0
you will obey or your estates will be forfeit .	do something in your life before you can go back and find your people .	0
root , you 're late and more drunk than usual .	root , you 're late and drunker than usual .	1
axel ? you 're just afraid , huh ?	axl , are you scared ?	1
apparently the motion sensors stopped registering you if you fell asleep , and automatically shut off the room lights .	this object can not be activated because the macro security is set .	0
maybe it was right at the time .	maybe it 's time .	1
you 're welcome , darling .	show equal position ( j2000 ref )	0
baldrick , this is mollie . an inexpensive prostitute .	well , it does n't cover much .	0
i 'm a man of my word .	however , they can not be admitted without cargo on board in an abusive manner in order to circumvent the rules laid down by the regulation .	0
my dear boy 's gone all away , has n't he ?	my dear boy lost his head , eh ?	1
i just ... i needed some medicine .	i just needed some pills .	1
really ? let 's call it 20 % .	let 's say 20 percent .	1
c oh , my god , no !	oh , my god !	1
leave you alone for a minute , look what happens .	it was a two-story rectangle building from a cinder block with a pool in the middle .	0
these training sessions were attended , in particular , by retailers and post-office employees ( `` train the trainer '' ) .	in particular , retailers and postal staff ( preparing trainers ) participated in these training .	1
( screams ) oh , god !	trust me , you have n't seen anything yet .	0
it 's a little cramped inside .	there 's little room inside .	1
but you go through it ...	but you 've gone through it .	1
i guess i 'll see the conductor .	`` we seek to say farewell to this day in the knowledge that he might be our last . ''	0
you are ... the best .	b.b . you must know you 're the best .	1
hello ? /- sir john is here .	i see myself as ... as a flit picasso !	0
drou is absolutely required , and i need bothari . ''	drou is essential and i need bothari. ``	1
at last she turned back at ralph .	she finally turned to ralph .	1
crazy stuff .	madness .	1
why would the devil close vaginas ?	why would the devil arrest the vaginas ?	1
give up ? roderick brody is paying for it .	i tried to explain ...	0
you drive , okay ?	will you drive ?	1
okay , he has strangled , knifed , drowned , and there is a pool here .	he was strangling , stabbing and drowning , and here 's the pool .	1
you 're on your way to england tomorrow , if you still want to go .	does the king do what he wants or what the people expect of him ?	0
the court of the grand turk .	woman , please do n't take his name in vain .	0
i 'm the world-record holder in chewing gum . i 'm not afraid of anything .	while the us economy is being downloaded into a swamp of affordable housing debt , china will continue to thrive .	0
alright , just be careful .	be careful .	1
i did n't know your husband knew jack we . il .	i did n't know your man knew jack weil .	1
molly . put those away .	molly , put that down .	1
it 's my way .	it 's my solution .	1
if we do n't make smoke -- ''	are you going to sell something that 's not distasteful ?	0
the three justices entered the hatchway to their smaller chambers .	a force has taken me away from the plane and dragged me back to it .	0
his mail-collar withstood the edge , but so heavy was the blow that náin 's neck was broken and he fell .	it was too much for tetsuo , and for us , and for akira .	0
jeremy . our ...	jeremy ...	1
extended error .	unknown error .	1
but first ... i stick the gun ... and the ivory crucifix ... in the vent above my head .	but first ... i put the gun in ... and a crucifix of ivory ... into the air vents overhead .	1
matty had cracked my hard candy shell and i was oozing with sticky sweet love .	i want to know what happened !	0
`` there 's not one of you—except wanderman—who is n't here because your last skipper could hardly wait to get rid of you , '' macbride went on .	you better bring the animals in .	0
( 2 ) only a natural person with full legal capacity may be a director .	we have a wedding party tomorrow .	0
i do my notes after the session .	i 'm taking notes after the session .	1
you think i did n't see you back over there .	you think i did n't see you .	1
you can read the script later .	you'il read it later .	1
who are you calling a jock bastard ?	i do n't even know how to get that .	0
there 's a new bottle of aspirin on the top shelf .	but it 's daddy 's pet .	0
the only winners in the conflict are the mercenaries of bregan d'aerthe-and whatever band matron sinafay hun'ett has hired-feeding off the coffers of both houses ! ''	you came for pedro again ?	0
wow , she 's 40 ?	last job ...	0
especially me .	not me .	1
we 've confirmed it	it 's confirmed .	1
come on . grab a cup , we 're playing quarters !	`` she would n't . ''	0
cos i smell it .	i feel it .	1
guess where ?	it 's hummus , but i 'm hungry .	0
you know , it 's bad luck to double-cross us .	betraying us wo n't bring you luck .	1
suddenly , the flying forces landed right in front of me .	open the door !	0
`` yes , but- ''	`` yes , but ... ''	1
i have to go back to my mom and dad 's . i 'm broke .	chipewa camp ?	0
he sounds like a jerk .	loading queue % s	0
he ai n't been around in weeks and we need to talk .	sure , dad .	0
( murmuring ) thus i ask the court to consider no other sentence but death .	i therefore ask the court to consider the death penalty .	1
okay , then .	and abby 's ... ?	0
lost your religion , huh ?	i 'm back on the line !	0
will y'all get me a beer ? - no .	little red record	0
the police are gon na need as much as they can get their hands on .	but the rate of trade in those parts of the world was much smaller , much less intense .	0
'this way 's safer , ' she said .	`` it 's safer that way , '' she told him .	1
i just liked smellin ' her hair .	a couple , actually , at the office .	0
the laughter had left his red face , and toran turned to face him .	the laughter faded from his ruddy face , and toran turned to look into his eyes .	1
in tmk resita the productivity ratio is only about 50 % of the ibp target .	you 're too much of a lady ... ... to be bothered with someone like him .	0
the fact that everything seems so wonderful in this room .	i only see terror and blood .	0
no . and they 're not going to with mine , either .	so the last thing he wants to see in his show is green slime .	0
my wife threw me out with one suitcase .	do n't be shy .	0
i need to see a bit of ...	i want to see a little ...	1
the road wound over the mountains like a dropped ribbon .	his music ... ... i do n't really listen to her ... ... but the fact that she 's doing it ...	0
in fact , some promising initiatives are underway .	understand , they 're safe until we find them .	0
`` in my suitcase .	`` in the trunk .	1
nothing strange about that , i suppose ; it 's simple genetics , a correspondence that runs in the blood .	there 's probably nothing strange about that ; it 's a genetic thing , a likeness carried on blood .	1
you know now there 's only one way to make things right .	thank you very much , professor , for your precious time .	0
i got him ! i got him !	we 'll get the gsm , all right ?	0
i know . - i would never do something like that .	they behaved very discreetly , apologetically - which was evidence that tuluk objected to this in his sardonic manner , typical of wreavy .	0
`` no good will come of it . ''	do n't touch the other one .	0
he wo n't risk doing time .	some rules governing certain sectors may also require adjustments .	0
guess they did n't know you were gon na flunk out of `` a '' school .	in her grief , however , there was a twist of mocking bitterness .	0
i 'm going to get you the money , i swear to god .	i 'll give you money , i swear !	1
it allows these authorities , through an automatic query procedure , to obtain information related to alerts on persons and objects .	the most fervent emotion belonged to his mother .	0
she growls ?	she snarls ?	1
the white cross fund was for the families of secret service men and women who were killed on duty .	the white cross fund was designed for the families and secret service personnel who died while serving the service .	1
this is not 'a bad some kid 's joke .	i know , he seems sweet , but ... this one has fangs in his teeth .	0
just get in the car , okay ?	get in the car .	1
well , i 'll call you later .	i 'll call you .	1
`` but he 'll not marry anyone else , '' she said . `` not as long as i live .	it 's not good days when a little lady has to go to school .	0
who are you guys ?	everyone will be calm .	0
the clinical benefit of reductions in background lipid-lowering therapy , including apheresis , is not certain .	he has , uh , his grandmother , he comes from kyiv .	0
might i suggest double scoop ?	can i suggest two kopecks ?	1
`` i 'm going to get my gun and go back there and get willis . ''	no , actually , i do n't .	0
thanks , mom . - mm-hmm !	thanks , mom .	1
listen . i need to ask you for another favor .	if daniel was right , and he 's always got it , it 's gon na happen for another 150 years .	0
i like that ! - oh , yeah !	i like that !	1
`` get yourself unpacked , old friend , '' brim said , returning to his work .	`` go stay , my friend , '' brim said , walking to his desk again .	1
savages . beasts . and his property ?	i saved the show once , and i 'm not afraid of any boards .	0
they 're gon na walk into a suicide situation just because you ask them to ?	i made an ugly face in the mirror . i want to show it to her .	0
ah , give it a minute . it 'll bleed off .	give it a minute before you bleed .	1
( sighs ) : do n't worry , sweetie .	is that the man they see ?	0
did he what ?	what 's the matter , married life wo n't satisfy you again ?	0
or you have something else altogether .	she 's fantastic .	0
but it 's pink ... and scented .	but it 's pink and it smells .	1
but he 's going to jail because of what he did for me .	dee , when you get an allergy , get your nose pierced .	0
have n't you two had enough for one night ?	the tequila was my first smile .	0
you sound scared , but you do n't sound sorry .	you sound startled , but ... i do n't hear regret .	1
why do n't you try knocking ?	why do n't you knock ?	1
the metal on your bones - it carries his signature .	oh , let me guess - you 're playing biff , are n't you ?	0
'all right , ' i said .	stop , i do n't want to hear it .	0
i was instructed to get you and the other scientists out of the hot zone .	i got your lexus .	0
i was hoping you could put a leash on him .	stop staring at me .	0
in one strike , we take out half the world 's terrorists .	one more missing , but i 'll get him this year .	0
the only dark matter he and his band , the congregation , sing about are broken hearts .	wrong .	0
don ' t- do n't even think about it .	do n't start , do n't even think about it .	1
my diet is going badly .	my diet is not working .	1
we 'll have more details as they emerge .	a wisp of smoke rose from the carpet , but then the flames died away , stamped with a ragged wail .	0
you probably forgot my class photo .	you must have forgotten my picture .	1
product name	invented name	1
you used to like it .	it 's not so bad , though there are bad times ahead .	0
frame mcgarrett , get him in here so you can take him out ? i was n't trying to kill .	throw it at mcgarrett and get him here so you can take him down ?	1
we should hire some roughnecks , take him for a long ride ... j.r .	come on , louie .	0
in a manslaughter case , we try and be thorough .	in the case of killing , we want to be thorough .	1
sorry to hear he 's dead , though .	i 'm really sorry dad died .	1
how is max ?	what about max ?	1
what about a shirt ?	how about a t-shirt ?	1
/version displays last update date for that media . /copies displays number of existing copies for the media and each copy status :	the guarantee shall cease when the ship is delivered .	0
you know , justexcuse us for one second .	always take wilzin according to your doctor 's instructions .	0
what if i remained a crusty nobody for what little remained of my high school life ?	pantus , you found us !	0
justin , clemenza . thank you . yes , chef .	and how is it that nostrils like the grand canyon are still here ?	0
our argument , nothing but targeted deception .	our argument , nothing more than targeted fraud .	1
in a moment the tip of her tongue showed , going from left to right and back again .	there will be ongoing promising initiatives .	0
[ 10 ] http : //www.ifrc.org/what/disasters/fact/ [ 11 ] the evaluation was also conducted in the tamil refugee camps in tamil nadu , india .	[ 10 ] http : / / www.ifrc.org / what / disasters / fact / [ 11 ] evaluation also took place in the tamil nadu refugee camp .	1
5 the background to the present application for interim measures is set out in more detail in paragraphs 7 to 28 of the judgment under appeal :	product catalog	0
she 's always like this . what is this ?	that 's what she always looks like .	1
kyohei 's working really hard , is n't he ?	i 'll tell clemens , i 'll let him know he 's a jerk , and i 'll show him how .	0
i didn'tactually see the murder .	you know , i ... i did n't really see the murder .	1
daniel , wait , she did n't kill your father .	she did n't kill your father .	1
of course it 's strange . - so tell me what 's happening .	of course it 's weird .	1
perhaps hodgins can match the particulates to the damage .	the jobs plan increased the number of workers by 37 places , so that the maximum number of temporary workers reached 567 .	0
- you okay , sir ?	jesus christ , jordan !	0
thanks for talk .	thanks for calling .	1
chapter x measures for the waters around malta article 26 the 25-mile management zone around malta 1 .	`` for whispering ? ''	0
we could not find key of the closet and did not force the door .	that 's great .	0
to make the call , press the call key .	it 's an ironic party for nellie. ``	0
i was still in the dark about far too much-but less so than four days ago .	i still had no idea about too many things - but there were less than four days ago .	1
like she 's been 19 .	yeah , and then someone wiped it out .	0
he had love tattooed on one set of knuckles , hate on the other .	he had a love tattooed on the ankles of one hand and on the other hate 's ankles .	1
the british got 1 8 of our men at fort carolina .	oh , really ? 'cause from where i sit , he destroyed .	0
and , frankly , she should know so she can keep up her defense .	did you notice ?	0
that 's where we 're going , but you can not go with us .	we 'll go there , but you ca n't come with us .	1
he just kept drawing me closer .	you ... move !	0
you should have heard the propaganda that she just tried to feed me…	you should have heard the propaganda she tried on me .	1
for the first time since they had left flotsam , they saw that his face was free of its self-condemning madness .	for the first time since they left wedge , they saw a self-deprecating madness vanished from his face .	1
okay , that 's cool . we are warriors .	it 's okay , we 're fighters .	1
currently , what aziraphale was doing was standing with crowley by the duck pond in st .	hey , dougie .	0
what if it admires and loves us ? ''	i saw the game today .	0
i thought development of the kelp as an ally more important than raising my son .	let 's see what i find out .	0
summoned us .	you had a gun in your hand because i gave it to you .	0
`` normal '' ?	as regards training measures , the following programmes should be mentioned .	0
so far , everything seems to be fine .	he put his hand under his coat , pressed his gun firmly , and was quietly approaching the door of his room .	0
tell that bitch to chill !	get that bitch out of here !	1
the 9th convention agreed to honecker 's request , to relieve him of his duties because of health problems and thanked him for his political life 's work .	i am daenerys for the storm born of the targaryens , of the blood of old valyria .	0
it is clear from the documents before the court that the applicant has never met his child .	kge laboratory list	0
may i walk you in to dine ?	may i escort you to the dining room ?	1
and not even then . )	so yes or no ?	0
no ? hey , do n't forget , you were the one who broke up with me before you went to med school .	carlos ayala started out as a regular business -- reality in tijuana , a fishing boat from ensenada , a strawberry plantation .	0
i 'm an orphan , i live in pentonville .	we tried to find everything possible about gail mcleod 's mandate .	0
you know , porter 's just nervous .	mary said that ?	0
what good has it done the country ?	what brought this country ?	1
come on , have a seat .	don montero , what else are you doing here ?	0
so , huh , how long have you been in l.a ?	so , how long have you been in l.a. ?	1
in the question of turkish accession to the eu , the journey matters more than the destination .	on the issue of turkey 's accession to the eu , the path is more important than the target .	1
joe , are you --	whoever does n't kill him first will have a court-martial .	0
look , marshal , i think that if ...	this is what we know .	0
i thought you were all out west somewhere with the salt flats .	i guess he 's doing a private appearance right now for one of his biggest fans .	0
possibly it 's an electric torch . they ... held it in their hands and it became luminous .	like an electric torch , they held it in their hand .	1
um ... is that sandwich ticking ?	neither do you .	0
it had everything .	tell him i 'm going to meet him .	0
let 's do this .	let 's work this out .	1
daz , do you want some of this pork roll ?	you found ibsen for me .	0
you know , you 've been up here too long , man . you 've lost your marbles .	you son of a bitch !	0
it 's just that song .	the song ...	1
you will see them , too , all black and sky-filling like our moon . ''	you will see - they are black , and they cover the sky as much as this moon . '	1
had i not been so eager to believe your convenient explanation ... ... this might have been prevented .	if i had n't been willing to believe your explanation , it might have been prevented .	1
he could barely even look at me .	if you forget to take yervoy it is very important for you to follow all your visits to receive yervoy .	0
so , why were you really there ?	why were you even there ?	1
that 's why he passed you the torch . you 're his son .	you 're his son .	1
even a human can see there 's a lot more profitable opportunities out there for a young man with ambition .	i did n't open them ...	0
he had tolerated being left unprotected under the conditions outlined by avery fowler-preston halliday , not under these .	shit , rutilio !	0
you knew too damn much about submarines .	you knew a hell of a lot about the submarine .	1
is she there ? is she all right ?	and we remember 1973 , remember what you were like today :	0
installation package is invalid .	installation package failed .	1
`` what did the gulfstream have to say ? ''	as a stop , he makes the best sense for us .	0
sounds fun .	this is going to be fun .	1
run for miss teen north carolina for all i care .	run for miss north carolina .	1
okay . cool .	all right , all right .	1
er ... no , you did n't go , or ... or you were unsuccessful ?	were n't you on it or were you unsuccessful ?	1
'what ? ' said ron uncomprehendingly .	i 'll see the police tomorrow .	0
you 're messing with his head .	you 're wasting his head .	1
oh , well , there must be others .	there must be other things .	1
so , i think i may be moving on to step two .	when you put something in a sock drawer , you get to do it easily , but it 's not safe .	0
logical disk manager could not retrieve information about a legacy basic volume .	logical disk manager failed to get information about the older version of the current volume .	1
man knows little .	it 's a fair deal .	0
why should i pay for her disgrace ?	well , holly just expelled me from the kappas .	0
vic moved close to aix-en-provence and worked as an artist until he died in 1987	and one of the committee 's members said :	0
i ca n't understand what 's gone wrong with it .	i felt like she was n't talking about me saying she tried to kill me .	0
if the film does n't sell , then all that work will amount to nothing .	the 15 minute recess you asked for me an hour ago .	0
yeah , well , i 'm not giving up .	i guess someone finds it interesting that for so long , i 'm missing a chomp .	0
request emergency assistance . acknowledge .	they 're inefficient , michael .	0
i 'm sealing it up now .	i 'm closing them now .	1
sure , but just to get my hands on the barb ranch .	i love you .	0
i 'm done talkin ' .	i 'm done .	1
they 've been experimenting on you i 'm afraid . ''	`` unfortunately , they 've done experiments on you . ''	1
we 're surrounded by water , the bridge is the only way out .	very funny .	0
i 'm hotter than kyle .	i 'm prettier than kyle !	1
sorry , we ca n't create any more tabs in this window . would you like to create a new tab in another window ?	unfortunately , you can not create multiple panels in this window . would you like to create a new panel in a different window ?	1
it froze the laces on my boots .	chris , we 're in the middle of nowhere .	0
|| 21 813 information campaign	what if we took each of our cars in the morning ?	0
a vague feeling of nausea , accompanied by light-headedness , made balance difficult .	but they were people ...	0
eat the chicken , the father has made .	the story 's long written .	0
what do you think about that , madam ?	what do you think , ma'am ?	1
incoming http bytes/sec	http / sec incoming bytes	1
i know you have to do your painting but everybody has to go to bed because there 's no coal .	i know , but everyone needs to go to bed because it 's not coal .	1
oh , just a second .	you can trust me for five minutes .	0
less than 30 seconds !	`` romeo , romeo , where are you , my romeo ? '' ( * shakespeare 's antony and cleopatra / romeo and juliet * )	0
i always call a clean and straight fight .	no gushy gibberish ; real telepathy .	0
zack come down here !	no , they 're still on their way .	0
john paul had come back from the bathroom .	i want to know about their living conditions ... ... about church grants , housing , and everyone else .	0
you do n't see no profit in this .	you 'll meet a man dressed as much as i do .	0
do i look like i give a damn ? .	and i was wrong about you .	0
what answer ever ?	what does he have to answer ?	1
i thought you ’ d ask the questions . ”	my breath is appalling .	0
and what about the tracks ?	what about the clues ?	1
maybe we should order up a couple of those tru blood 's .	we could order tru blood .	1
talk to ken narlow .	on ken narlow .	1
but , no , i thought --	we 're talking about undocumented accusations .	0
bryce slipped the revolver out of gordy 's holster and took possession of it .	bryce took his revolver out of his holster and took it to himself .	1
we are what you see .	how 's she doing today ?	0
how long before they caught up with you ?	how long did they catch you ?	1
nope . perfectly fine .	totally cool .	1
now , i said !	i 'm going out .	0
you will have to undergo six sessions of counseling .	you 're going to have to go through six sessions with an advisor .	1
can i get you some towels , a chocolate for your pillow ?	do you need towels or chocolate under the pillow ?	1
can view education type database lists	i hope that they are four o'clock in the morning .	0
you had this for 12 hours mike . you had this last night and you sat on it ?	you 've had it for 12 hours , you had it last night and you did n't say anything .	1
lian-chu , say goodbye , were disturbing the man .	the wallpaper looks old .	0
come on , race you to the pool .	let 's race to the pool .	1
was he dead with all the others ?	please let me honor my family again .	0
gesler clambered forward , grasping baudin 's ankles just as the big man started to slip over the bow .	gesler crawled to the bow and grabbed baudin 's ankles as the giant began sliding across the deck .	1
subsonic-flight airfoils have a characteristic shape with a rounded leading edge , followed by a sharp trailing edge , and often with camber .	the doctor gave me six months .	0
what do you think he might like ?	i know what to say .	0
you should 've been there hubert .	you should have seen it , hubert .	1
i think his feet are wet .	for the same reasons , you ride the streets on that big brownie , which too many people know - you like to play with death , strate .	0
300 soldiers to be reunited with their families .	300 troops will be returning to their family .	1
not lightning this time , but more diffused and dimmer lights which played slowly over the horizon and faded .	yeah , i know you like randy , you 're jealous of my hair , blah , blah .	0
when i go back on my right foot , you come forward on your left .	i do n't regret the day , he thought .	0
'you knew this man ? ' asked arutha .	'you know him ? 'said arutha .	1
and it 's not the economy . richer country has a little higher .	i did n't run a hundred yards when i was on my head into something that was covered in leaves .	0
mr , alstublieft .	japonese .	1
word on the street says raymond calitri hired you and your brother for a top order ... a order shoulda went to me .	great , but i 'll keep them in my butt .	0
i know you do n't mind waiting and you 'd rather drive after nightfall .	i know you do n't mind waiting , and you 'll want to leave after dark .	1
with eu leadership , the un took a determined step towards further operationalising and improving	housing can be a factor in local working markets `` rigidity , and it reduces workers '' mobility .	0
gene 's at cub scouts and bobby 's got baseball .	gene 's in little boy scout , and bobby 's at baseball .	1
come on , now .	wild cats attack only out of desperation , or they 'd rather escape .	0
do as you please , but you 'll end up losing me if you carry on treating me like ...	do what you think , but i 'll leave you if you treat me like ...	1
radiator fluid .	well , you must be a hippo .	0
no , you would n't flee .	no , you wo n't .	1
`` send for roh .	`` ahaha ... '' he said .	0
rude .	you make me laugh !	0
as far as majors go , the end of the line comes a lot sooner than they think .	i 'm glad you 're okay , baby .	0
bartender , two shots of patrón .	bartender , two glasses of patrobe .	1
echo was taking himself out , telling delta to go after the impostor - and while doing so to kill the evangelical butcher .	echo had written himself off , telling delta to go after the fraudster - yet he also killed the fanatical butcher .	1
so megan 's ex ?	but men who engage phones wear uniforms .	0
unk pressed the on button again .	limited by practical individual , he felt trapped like an animal trapped in a cage .	0
one of those damned persuasive talkers .	one of those damn convincing speakers .	1
mm , to russia . hah-hah !	russia .	1
is this setup record linked to an audit trail setup record ?	is this record setting linked to the recording record setting ?	1
so , what do you make of him ?	what do you think of him ?	1
04 04 01 06 support for implementation figures ( differentiated appropriations )	02 03 04 standardisation and approximation of laws figures ( differentiated appropriations )	1
seriously dude ... it 's creepy , man .	really , dude ... it 's awkward .	1
church hired usto take out the general , but the real target is this guy , james munroe .	the skeleton hired us to disarm the general , but the real target is this guy , james munroe .	1
`` but not for love . ''	now it 's definitely an ideal time to start learning to fly .	0
`` but most of the ouster holdings are in vacuum ! '' says kee .	`` but most territories of the ousters are in a vacuum , '' says kee .	1
what on earth does he need ?	what does he need ?	1
whoops . certainly looking fierce today , sweetheart .	you look really intense today , sweetheart .	1
yes , i have risked !	yes , i did .	1
dr. lightman , that 's not what i meant .	dr. lightman , i did n't mean it like that .	1
'aw , sugar ! ' jim reed says , then turns to his dark-haired sib .	`` oh come on , my dear ! '' says jim reed , then turns to his dark-haired sibling .	1
carl , well done !	shut up and listen .	0
annex vi programmes of measures ( referred to in articles 13 ( 1 ) and 22 )	please come in .	0
article 11 unit of qualification 1 .	i see here that richard persson shows up in your deposition in relation to your brother 's disappearance .	0
i figure you 've known joss forever , since when she was a kid , right ? - yep .	i think you know joss from when she was a kid , right ?	1
bryan : how 's the baby ? what did the doctor say ?	all right , who does n't live in this house right now out !	0
shopping centre nový smíchov » career » prodavač / ka – pokladní	`` does this have anything to do with a moon like normal lycanthropy ? ''	0
huh ? oh , that 's a little dramatic .	your mother should have moved into town with you and hired a teacher .	0
they have no incentive to react .	they have no reason to respond .	1
yes . but i 'm not here because --	yes , but that 's not what i 'm here for .	1
sell bootlaces on the street ( ? )	yesterday was fun .	0
`` fake or genuine ''	fake or real .	1
so , you offered ?	so you offered .	1
the brownstone .	from brownstone .	1
she would n't cross the street to visit that drooling fossil .	let me go .	0
london will have action now .	london wants it now .	1
for instance , i could tell you that what you think of as your personality ... is nothing but a collection of vanity fairarticles .	for example , i could tell you what you consider your personality , there 's nothing more than a collection of the vanity market .	1
what if somebody goes back and they check ?	he also said he would n't be on the phone for a couple of hours , but when he called you .	0
`` come to barret 's tomorrowand we 'll discuss the matter . ''	but they 're scanning the area with an anti-proton beam .	0
sour billy grabbed for a pistol stuck through his belt .	sour billy reached for his gun .	1
`` all families in capitalist society were modelled on the bourgeois family type .	so listen , rus , you 're from moscow , right ? from moscow .	0
|| position and orientation of microphone ( according to figure 2 in appendix 1 of annex ii )	come on , mial .	0
we 've even heard his name in washington .	the thing you see ?	0
underneath the beds . - hide !	luckily the basket was n't locked .	0
she couldhave been trained by my mother	i got some strange offers .	0
your hypothesis is certainly plausible .	your hypothesis is certainly very interesting .	1
and as you can see , sam is jonesing for his afternoon latte .	platt , right ?	0
identifying its subject-matter 38 .	poor his children are still so small .	0
his dark-accustomed eyes watched the stairs as he descended , as quietly as he could , for there was activity in the house next door .	his eyes accustomed to the darkness followed the stairs as he dismounted as quietly as possible .	1
the passion , the heat , had fled .	well , now that the wight is dead , their welfare should be taken quickly .	0
so either he 's eaten a gazelle , which is good , because he wo n't be so hungry- or ?	i wanted amy to be the same , but you do n't care about love .	0
it 's not just the spartans coming after her .	she looked at e.k.g. , quickly making a diagnosis .	0
you deal with it .	this is n't bullshit .	0
was there anyone else in the penthouse with you that night ?	sofia , was there anyone else with you in that apartment ?	1
they 're all reno-and las vegas-based , involved organized crime .	100 divided by an indication of capital adequacy of 8 % ) , the bank must be reimbursed 11.5 times in financial markets .	0
as ceca .	the spider was supposed to be dead for a long time .	0
article 94d removal of the alcohol 1 .	article 94d consumption of alcohol 1 .	1
..but i can figure out how to turn him off .	mothers , confused by the lack of ice , gather on the mainland with their cubs .	0
well , there 's only one every two hours !	there 's only going to be one in two hours !	1
`` meanwhile , i 'll hunt lunch ! '' the girl declared brightly .	the legitimacy of the principle of liability limitation is questionable all the more .	0
want to go after 'em ?	we 're supposed to be at my father 's .	0
amy palmer was type o .	thank you !	0
uhm . . . please use these .	we believe these five car robberies are one gang 's job .	0
no , i do n't . nope .	he 's going .	0
i 've been ordered to standbyon starbase 11 until the inquirinto the death of lieutenant commander finney can be conducted .	i have been ordered to remain at starbase 11 until an investigation into the death of lieutenant finney is opened .	1
she must have hidden the plans in the escape pod .	when he drives , you cook an egg on the engine .	0
the goblet hit the rosewood panel behind them , and wine splattered over them like scarlet rain .	the cup was hit by a sheet of rosewood behind them , and the wine came out like a purple rain .	1
well ... ... then i 'll just wait for you to call me .	you probably did n't hear about the bomb , did you ?	0
was he really so transparent and simple that anyone could play him ?	he burns energy - he 's playing in the bath , then he 's calmer at school. ``	0
a window station can have multiple desktops .	the window station object may contain multiple areas .	1
you never explained why you wanted to transfer me to this division place .	anyone else want to fight the champions ?	0
this is a pro-stem cell ad ?	stopper 3	0
he moved toward her .	he went to her .	1
paolo giovanni lo iacono ( 195 signatures )	if nature wanted me to be an ordinary bear , she would not give me such a refined taste .	0
even growing up with no role model ?	it all screams `` elliot richards . ''	0
fresh meat ! congratulations , mrs. conant . you have won the class-action lottery .	would such a thing be made to carry out military units or heavy items ?	0
oh , hey .	next time , you 'll be thrown out in a van like a gentleman .	0
shut up , fatass ! everyone knows i can spell better than you !	shut up , i 'm better than you !	1
so , how does this work ? you murder me now or you wait till i 'm asleep ?	so you 're gon na kill me now or when you sleep ?	1
i can tell .	i think that 's it .	0
what 's that ? - agitators .	what 's this ?	1
good going .	so i 'm going to write my name on this check , and i 'll give it to you. ``	0
the reputation of ‘ prleška tünka ’ today is underpinned by various certificates and awards that it has received in tests .	one ca n't get agents when it hears that america does n't protect the people who worked for her .	0
so for , that 's the best proof we have that he 's ' actually their creation .	look , he did it .	0
siblings all have big families .	i do n't want to stage hysteria that would cost human lives .	0
you got a chink with a sword and a buncha juggling idiots .	maybe he 'll come back .	0
can you pick up at 1 2 bellott street , se10 going to charlton ?	can you pick up a customer at 12 bellott street , se10 , moving to charlton ?	1
you must help us before they make passes at our wives !	you have to help us before we get married .	1
we have to get back . if we do n't ...	`` no respect , '' angelo said regretfully .	0
so any time you want to clue me in as to where the hell we 're going .	it 's not worth your life until you have someone to share with you .	0
not that we do n't want you to stay .	not that we did n't want you here .	1
what does it tell us ? small-cell vasculitis ?	we had an avalanche , scared us , but no one was hurt .	0
after twenty minutes , however , his strength began to ebb , and he needed christine 's help more often .	cindy .	0
and so we go to speak to the one who suckled us .	we need men , we need guns .	0
`` you are materially changed since we talked on this subject before . ''	`` you 've changed your position since we last spoke about the matter . ''	1
they should not destroy him , they in their mad trust in law and their own sanity .	this provision shall apply both to documents and to oral speeches .	0
78 in the present case , it must be taken into account that some of the commission ’ s complaints have not been upheld .	78 in the present case , account must be taken of the fact that certain pleas in law were not upheld by the commission .	1
i 'd be the world 's worst sales rep. ``	i 'd be the worst salesman in the world. ``	1
okay , here it goes .	all right , here we go .	1
`` i have given evidence already on this matter , '' he said calmly .	`` i have spoken in this matter , '' he said quietly .	1
it 's too old for you .	that 's too sophisticated for you .	1
admiral aral vorkosigan , vorkosigan house .	send an account to my husband , admiral arral vorkosigan , house vorkosigan house .	1
the merit of all eligible proposals will be evaluated and scored according to the following award criteria and scoring system :	i 'm opening the first ninety cylinders .	0
in such cases , a manometer fitted between the two shut-off valves or any other equivalent system shall monitor any leakages .	are tourists supposed to believe that ?	0
this ghost definitely wants revenge .	this spirit is definitely taking revenge .	1
i 'm thinking , no more electrical work , okay ?	so i 've been thinking - no more electricity , okay ?	1
yeah , but you 're forgetting you 're double-booked with jenny swanson .	if we disconnect the building from electricity , can you find it ?	0
last month .	the handsome prince : he does n't mean them , he means us !	0
what were you playing before ?	i 'm sure .	0
stunned , not even aware enough to be frightened .	can i drop you off at the hotel ?	0
`` i will guide you to the best we have !	the germans are completely crazy .	0
makes your heart soar , lifts your soul .	i 'd like to keep damien for a few days and he 's done some tests .	0
mission commander samantha carter stayed behind to fly it , while her crew bailed out of the escape hatch .	while he failed the autopilot , mission commander samantha carter remained and piloted while her crew evacuated in the rescue pod .	1
the european council expresses its solidarity with the palestinian people in this difficult	the european council expresses its solidarity with the palestinian authority .	1
i prefer to play with you , my love .	is n't it a little late for that ?	0
let 's make some tv !	i 'm going to tv !	1
i 've been shot too many times to be scared by a gun , boy .	i 've been shot so many times , the gun wo n't catch my fear .	1
that ai n't real . that 's a creation .	what about abuse ?	0
a person who flees his property in fear for his life just leaves .	only directly involved persons should normally be present , provided they do not prevent children from testifying .	0
what 's happening up there ?	colonel , what 's going on up there ?	1
you better be shitting me .	but the only mystery i never solved was why my heart could n't give up .	0
put your hands on the hood of the car .	hands on the hood .	1
tegger laughed incredulously .	take your shirt and your red hat .	0
missile in position , sir .	missile ready , sir .	1
what business is that , exactly ?	what kind of business is this ?	1
how much can we earn from selling antiques ?	how much does it cost to sell antiques ?	1
i 'm impressed .	zabajkal country	0
to his left was a third , moving through the trees .	but then you wo n't see him .	0
how do you dare read those novels ?	`` i did n't expect mrs. potter to last long . ''	0
the virus goes inert after 24 hours .	the virus is formed , so that it will break down after 24 hours .	1
in my experience , there are two kinds of girls in this world .	i know from my own experience there are two types of women .	1
you 've had a tremendously beautiful impact there .	a total of 512 matches are involved in the competition .	0
is his folks still ... up in lightning flat ?	his parents still live in the lightning flat ?	1
there are some years he tried to approve a system of defense anti-missile ...	come on , i have to show you everything .	0
on the whole , nelson , i 'm glad your parents did n't encourage you to pursue a career in magic .	on the other hand , nelson , i 'm glad your parents did n't support you in the magic course .	1
upton is not just a thug , he is cruel and devious and he made my brother ill from the start .	traffic control 7 2.8 .	0
is this supposed to be my fufa ?	is he my fuksa ?	1
i 'm back on the track .	dad , look at this .	0
all who oppose me must die !	those who defy me will die !	1
my dear officer you could not even give me a parking ticket .	dear inspector , you could n't even give me a ticket .	1
there is no up or down in space , man !	you do n't have up or down in space , mate .	1
the great european debt breakup	but it 's an important thing .	0
he 's better now , he 's doing fine .	he 's better now .	1
on the other hand , he might prefer to lop off my head .	on the other hand , he might prefer it if i lose my head .	1
master , that pandais not the dragon warrior .	master , the panda is not a dragon warrior !	1
everyone in this city looked after themselves .	everyone in this city cared only for himself .	1
it 's more to ... set the mood .	`` i 'm glad not just for macnelly , but for the sake of the state , '' duane said .	0
thank you again . -good luck .	it 's possible , but it 's not her style .	0
the insulation will burn . there will be a flash fire , and the doors are going to jam .	the isolation will begin to burn , the fire will spread uncontrollably ... and the doors will be blocked .	1
no , i 'm sure .	but they say we each have a double .	0
there must be an open door somewhere keep walking .	there 's got to be an open door .	1
spock stared at the readouts another few seconds and then straightened .	spock read the data for another few seconds , then straightened .	1
type `` '' '' % 1 /delete / ? '' '' '' for usage .	i wanted to see him go .	0
we have to be so , so careful with the pile .	so we have to be really careful .	1
they asked me to be there .	good morning .	0
in good time before the inspection , the agency shall inform the member state concerned of the inspection and of the identity of the authorised officials .	within a sufficient period of time , the member state concerned shall inform the member state of the inspection and the identity of the officials responsible .	1
oh , god ! poor orson !	but tesla heard him .	0
i am not available right now , but if you 'd like to leave a message , i will get back to you shortly .	i ca n't leave her here .	0
i did . - is n't he coming ?	he 's not coming ?	1
they could n't say that , of course .	it started two days ago .	0
yeah , i 'll , er ...	i thought he deserved someone to watch out for her .	0
uh , yeah , i was .	why not sell it for one of your daughters ?	0
she became not rowena but a hundred different people - including you , i might add . '	so what do you want to do ?	0
okay , so your nephew visits from jersey , and you , uh , bring him on a homicide call ?	all right , your nephew from jersey is coming , and you 're gon na bring him to murder ?	1
he 's lindsay 's dean .	it 's lindsein dean .	1
now you are my consort .	it 's nice to see you .	0
now , take it easy .	just slowly ...	1
you think i enjoy working the way i do ?	your forehead has n't even moved .	0
maybe not so pure .	maybe not so clean .	1
no , i 'm not going anymore !	i 'm not going anywhere !	1
the tasks of the observers-at-sea shall be determined by the member states .	the impact on traditional own resources of the budget is -6,6 million euro / year ( 75 % x 8,8 million euro / year ) .	0
crickett , i always choose ...	that 's my little space , so you can do whatever you want , you know , play here .	0
i 'm bringing her in .	i 'll bring her .	1
he looks like cindv .	she looks like cindy .	1
the commission has consistently improved the management of the life grants since 1992 .	unlike other electronic health tools , icoach focuses on people who do n't want to quit , and to people facing a big risk of starting again .	0
i 'm gon na try to send some photos if i can figure out .	tessa , grab my lever !	0
you tell me . - i 'm legal .	i 'm legal .	1
page 12. this ca n't be it .	on page 12 .	1
so , if no one believed you were sick , how did you get to the hospital ?	when they did n't believe you were sick , how did you get here ?	1
|| live goats other than pure-bred breeding animals	if we straighten this out , we can break his neck .	0
and we won ’ t rely on a pair of chechen idiots to do the job for us . ”	i 'll be gone next week .	0
how 's mum ? - well ... the doctors are n't quite sure .	well ... doctors are n't entirely sure .	1
i see you 've made yourself at home , but you 're in the wrong room .	the situation of the military regime is deteriorating every day .	0
you know , taking in a child ...	you know , taking the baby ...	1
humbly . `` and sincerely ...	... and frankly ...	1
tell me honestly .	tell the truth .	1
light and gentle like a crystal bell .	all right , good night .	0
anything i ought to know about ?	either way , or we 'll stay in the cold all night .	0
probably downed ten jack and cokes at the country club .	chestnut ( # 800000 )	0
`` tarzan of the apes will not harm teeka 's balu , '' he said .	no one understands you , only me , my dear , and i understand you.. . '	0
while i 'm sure it was your mother 's cooking skills that made her so popular with zed zed top and their ilk , i know for a fact	we know how to make certain characteristics , like taste and smell .	0
and it 's an extra seat around the table .	and we have another seat at the table .	1
give it to him , ruth .	`` i would n't do that , esme . ''	0
i see it in your eyes , in your sleep ... in your answer to everything .	all right .	0
antwon 's free ?	you sent echo on a risk mission ?	0
the nurse ? i 'm gon na say someone who wants something .	i 'd say someone wants something .	1
( man ) raise your hands above your head .	it 's an asymmetric knot of sennah . a persian node used in very high-quality carpets .	0
or , if using wfw network from dos , start the full workstation service	if you use wfw network , run full support from the workstation services	1
oliver , i 'm not finished talking .	oliver , i 'm not done .	1
the door shut .	the door closed behind them .	1
he concentrated on it , drawing it out while his thoughts ran their own course .	he concentrated on his work , concentrated , despite his thoughts running in his own directions .	1
you 're making movies about guys who rob popeye 's fried chicken .	i see you everywhere , in the sky and on the ground. ``	0
i can see why .	i know why .	1
that 's why they call it eloping , bud .	that 's why they call it an escape , bud .	1
on my way to dinner , my friend said , `` let 's stop by this party first. ``	we went to dinner when my friend says , `` we 'll stop at a party first . ''	1
they took material for the show .	they seized the material for the show .	1
that 's a huge markup .	that 's a big brand .	1
this is big . the cia officer who was nabbed at the wheel house --	that 's great . a cia officer who was kidnapped at wheel house .	1
if i could just ... ... reach over andtouch her side of the bed ... ... i would know that it was cold .	so how do you feel about the bullet hole ?	0
between national enforcement bodies and by supporting consumers with advice .	any of it suits me if we find that baby-loving mommy and daddy .	0
the islands should know at least that much . ''	the islands should know at least this. ``	1
and i start looking for them .	the thing is , his faith is n't what it used to be .	0
it is like staying in a hotel , practically . - they 're beautiful .	it 's basically like a hotel .	1
bree stood up but stayed close .	bree straightened up , but stood beside him .	1
i 'd like to talk to their families , see if there 's anything you did n't find .	about the other two dead , i 'd like to talk to their families , see if there 's anything you missed .	1
you guessed it - kosovo .	a giant crocodile pops up , beats him , bites off half his leg and pulls him under the water .	0
she started liking you because you 're cocky .	you started liking her because you 're a sovereign .	1
you 've made yourself a friend ... to the very people who drove me from my home .	you made a friend of those people out of my house .	1
so , now what do i do ?	i have a stable offer at 6.75 .	0
yes . let 's have a real reason to .	i just got off the phone with dr. buckner .	0
you are my good son , are n't you ?	i need to know how much time we have .	0
how what ?	what kind ?	1
those who [ want but ] to be seen [ of men ] , 7 .	lucy , can you run with us ?	0
as an adjective , `` a proven fact '' , that works .	as an extra name , `` proven fact , '' it works .	1
do you know what i was saying earlier on ?	i know you will. ``	0
ah , there you are , sir .	and , here you are , sir .	1
it has sown its martyrs , it should reap its saints , and praise god daily for having hidden himself from man .	he begs his martyrs , so they harvest their saints and thank god every day for hiding a man .	1
do i sign something ?	they ca n't fly , but they fly .	0
i mean , she really , really knows .	now he really , really knows .	1
i 'm sorry , i 'm just a little stunned here .	i 'm sorry .	1
`` rudolph karp . ''	`` about rudolf karp . ''	1
have we learnedour lessons , justine ?	target down on eight !	0
so , is that like a yes or a no or ...	so , would you say yes or no or ...	1
good to see you again , caroline .	it 's so good to see you , caroline .	1
i do n't want this happening ever again ...	`` someone may be waiting in ambush . ''	0
no . actually , my dream is to get your stupid show off the air .	so now i get my place back ?	0
interested is not the word .	interest is not the right word .	1
the people on strike worked for themselves , for their own vision of what was possible .	strikers work for themselves , for their own vision of what is possible .	1
your theory -- it 's based on what ?	what evidence do you have for your theory ?	1
no , it was for my work .	no , that was for work .	1
all righty then !	all right !	1
63 ... - do n't push it , larry .	we do n't have a short memory , `` one cabdriver told me when i asked if he was going to vote for the shake .	0
`` owing , '' went on partridge , `` to a letter she has received .	come on , we got to get out of here .	0
it 's decent to answer the lady 's question .	it 's polite to answer a question to the lady .	1
`` no paper- '' he said after a moment , and sighed .	`` i have no paper - '' he realized after a moment and sighed .	1
let me read `` the demon '' to you here among the saints .	take it .	0
way manages .	management mode .	1
right . uh , some of the female department heads .	take it easy , buddy .	0
what about the time you lost that breath mint in your cleavage right in front of the partners ?	you know , elliot , we have a tough decision in modern medicine every day .	0
no , i was thinking of doing something else and ...	no , i thought we could do something else and ...	1
like it or not ...	whether you like it or not ...	1
i 'd like to ask you about one .	i 'm tired of waiting for your phone call , at least to say , `` good luck . ''	0
i can totally kick their asses .	i 'll kick their asses when i want .	1
furthermore , that provision does not mention the passing on of the cost of direct taxes payable by such contracting parties .	moreover , that article does not provide for the economic transfer of direct taxes , the latter of which are listed by the contracting partners .	1
i did n't ...	i did n't mean ...	1
sorry , big dog .	i 'm sorry .	1
phoebe , we 're just- we 're just chatting here , okay ?	phoebe , we 're just talking here , okay ?	1
by way of example , annually , weatherbys registers the names of some ten thousand newly named horses .	for example , weatherby records the names of about 10,000 newly `` baptised '' horses each year .	1
he captured one of oliver 's tall commando buddies and demanded a boost on his shoulders .	he caught one of oliver 's tall friends , and he let himself drop on his shoulders .	1
all leave is cancelled .	all passes are cancelled .	1
we are .	baby , come to your dad 's house so he can show you what he 's got in his pants for you .	0
with johannes burchard , he is making a case for your father 's deposition .	with johannes burchard , they make the case for your father 's removal .	1
peregrine wanted to take him , wanted him brought forcibly to the embassy .	peregrine wanted to detain him , and he might be taken to the embassy by force .	1
a highwaymanput a blade to my throat .	i was so sure of my truth , but ...	0
i want you to hold hands .	to be amazing .	0
and now , as they are hatching , she is dying .	and now that they are turned out to be , it 's dying .	1
come on guys , every year it 's the same .	look , it 's the same every year .	1
no , it stopped .	i do n't think this is a good idea .	0
your family ... ... needs to reach you .	your family wants to contact you .	1
though we act like the ruler of earth , mankind can not even imitate the basics of nature .	i should take her trump card and call her .	0
somehow , ghuda , suli , and nakor extricated themselves from the confusion in the hall and bolted for t^e entry of the building .	ghud , suli and nakor somehow managed to extricate themselves from the crowding in the corridor and reach the main entrance to the building .	1
if the active field is set to true , it will allow you to hide the sales team without removing it .	if you say `` right , '' it will allow you to hide the business team without its removal .	1
because i am insanely competitive .	in some of these , counselling and information procedures are well organised , but others require significant improvement .	0
got ta talk to danny leone .	i was afraid of the changes in her face , but the tests indicate she 's doing okay .	0
in this connection , it is my opinion that the national court will have to take account of the following factors .	filtrate the filtrate into vials ( 5.8 ) .	0
what makes you so hate our great tang ?	i tried to make sense of you before you left the company .	0
she drew deeply on her cigarette and exhaled more smoke .	she took a deep breath from the cigarette and blew the smoke .	1
drizzt responded in kind , then snarled and reared back for a killing blow .	drizzt answered in the same manner , then growled and swung to strike the fatal blow .	1
wait , brick would not fake a hand injury- no way .	muscle spasms	0
wow .	baciu ioan personal data is collected , processed and published in accordance with regulation ( ec ) no 45 / 2001 .	0
watch it .	watch your step .	1
under the heavy cape of gloom thrown down by the thunderheads , a yellow glow as welcoming as hearth light filled , many of the windows .	in the gloomy gloom beneath the storm sky , some of the windows shone with a hospitable glow that seemed to emanate from a fire in the hearth .	1
with sudden and unexpected authority , d'anjou edged bourne away from the chair and spoke in the impatient tones of a superior officer .	d'anjou , with an unexpected resoluteness , drew bourne away from his chair , and in an impatient tone , the superior officer told the old man :	1
you know , you 're lucky officer shaw was willing to give you a ride .	i only give a different way to my emotions .	0
i only minored in psych , you understand ... ... but maybe michael ... ... could n't commit to this marriage , so he created a delusion .	i do n't really understand psychology , but ... maybe michael was n't comfortable with the wedding , which is why he created a disillusion .	1
he stood up straight and stretched .	no , you 're not . you need me .	0
in support of this claim the complainant referred to price lists and information provided by some union producers .	in support of this claim , the applicant pointed to the census and information provided by some union producers .	1
`` bill , do n't make any sudden moves .	`` bill , no sharp moves .	1
when he got out of hospital ... i gave him the hugo book as a present .	when he came out of the hospital , i gave him a memorial , as a gift .	1
raistlin 's head snapped up , suddenly .	who are you , anyway ?	0
he is waiting outside .	he 's outside .	1
the increase in the number of animals being transported by road over long journeys has led to the need for improved control posts .	an increase in the number of animals transported by long distances requires a better check post .	1
this document will be the object of stakeholder consultation .	some noted that european aid should be highlighted in the area of civil protection .	0
whoa , hold on there sara .	sarah , wait !	1
do n't go damaging any fenders .	do n't destroy a mudslide .	1
twister caught it and sucked it right up .	now that the seal is broken , i see everything more clearly .	0
but hawaii 's almost exactly on the other side of the world -- which means you have to work through two comsats in series .	but hawaii is almost exactly on the other side of the world , meaning you have to work across two telecommunications satellites .	1
in rehearsal ?	in rehearsals ?	1
we bring in more shifts .	i thought you said yourself .	0
for five days they were alone but for birds .	you know , sometimes it 's not such a bad thing .	0
i do n't understand . the man your father beat up was the same one who was congratulating him ?	the man your father beat , he congratulated him now ?	1
refinement . and that 's one chapter .	that 's one chapter .	1
you are the cops !	what are you gon na tell me now , motherfucker ?	0
september 16th , sergeant azuma , made the final sacrifice ,	on september 16 , sergeant azuma sacrificed himself for the last time .	1
we call it `` cleaning up '' . `` - where could you find ... ''	we call it `` cleaning . ''	1
let 's go wish him good night .	let 's say good night .	1
count on it .	count on it	1
afraid .	i 'm scared .	1
to make their hands look smaller .	dr crusher 's research shows that in less than an hour , the transformation of lieutenant la forge will be irreversible .	0
anyway , once we get in range , we can beam a canister into the co2 chamber , and boom ... one hive ship de-wraithified .	did you go to pia too ?	0
i took another sip of beer .	nice to meet you .	0
what do you mean , you knew ? - loyalty really is n't high on your list .	loyalty is n't high on your list .	1
but a u.s. rathole would never get into switzerland with all that money .	he says now we have to follow him to green pastures .	0
you are too much of a woman ... ... to even ... ... bother with such a little ... ... boy as him .	he 's good .	0
he 's not even supposed to be in the photo .	there 's so many of them .	0
you have n't done this for me in years .	you have n't done anything like this for years .	1
i tried to tell him .	i told him .	1
our health teacher said she 'll give extra credit for anyone taking a self-administered hiv test .	a health teacher told us we could get extra points if we took an hiv test .	1
all we needed now were some roaches .	we just needed cockroaches .	1
the police are already there . ''	does any of you know the girl 's story , erin ?	0
yup , on a daily basis i consume enough drugs to sedate manhattan , long island and queens for a month .	i 'll shave .	0
argument attribute of argument2 element must contain argument3 , argument4 or a list of uris .	the indicative amount , which must be approved by the budgetary authority .	0
can you tell dr. litchfield you 're seeing things ?	i know , i was there .	0
we 'll allow you to affirm , if that 's satisfactory with you .	unfortunately , you gave her a knife .	0
`` have no fear , master -- have no fear ! ''	`` do n't be afraid , doctor , do n't be afraid ! ''	1
i put 1,000 miles on my car for nothing .	we drove a thousand miles for nothing .	1
that woman that you saw by the pool the other night . that woman you just have to spend the rest of your life with .	the woman you saw at the pool ... the woman you wanted to spend the rest of your life ...	1
a son too .	cutting your teeth with parking tickets , it 's not the same as dental floss .	0
is anyone else having difficulties breathing ? yeah .	are you having trouble breathing ?	1
it 's past noon . you 're already high .	it 's high noon , and you 're high .	1
piggy bent his flashing glasses to them and could be heard between the blasts , repeating their names .	piggy drew his flashing spectacles to them , and he could hear them repeating their names .	1
consumers and economic operators should also be involved so as to foster the emergence of a water-saving culture in europe .	consumers and economic operators should also be involved in supporting the development of a water saving culture in europe .	1
hello , shake .	hello , shaku .	1
he was distributing drugs , selling them out of that house .	i could n't have wished for anyone else .	0
brother let you drive on the highway ?	volume of coins issued : max . 2.8 million approximately release date : january 2005 ( 1 )	0
friends with cops ?	he 's not on the main floor .	0
what kind of daughter wo n't even help out her own fucking father ?	is he ticking the sandwich ?	0
thank you . ”	thank you. ``	1
you 're in love with your mortal nature .	karen 's out of the game .	0
wait a second . - what is it ?	wait a minute .	1
i need something warm beneath me , or i ca n't digest my food .	what about the ukraine ?	0
i 'm a man of my word , so i did not peruse .	i mean , it looks like it 's bending the space-time continuum .	0
she has to see dr. swender , not a partner .	no one can do anything without a title .	0
how can you say something so mean ?	how can you say something that nasty ?	1
you think they'il invite us to lunch and hand over their playbook ?	do you think they 'll invite us to lunch and give us their tactics ?	1
father and uncle burnett was hunting yesterday .	when you work for the rich , it 's easy to get something out there .	0
stop . i got johnny for 7.5 or he does n't play anywhere else .	i have johnny for 7.5 and he wo n't play elsewhere .	1
oh , no , no . i do n't trust you .	but janice , it was the worst breakup ever .	0
even after what the mech hard drive confirmed . yeah .	we 're a bit of a rocky horror fan .	0
i do n't think anybody 'll mind if i check the perimeter .	let me worry about special ops .	0
if we could get quantum sensor readings of the three impact points we could authenticate our findings .	if we put quantum sensors on those three locations , we can confirm our findings .	1
`` one of you go on down and get a cab to come up and meet us -- quickly .	`` one of you go down and send across the cab - be quick .	1
this whole fuckin ' thing .	it may be related to her husband .	0
`` red-haired woman appeared edgy .	`` the woman was nervous . ''	1
that 's because those functions are so basic to life , they evolved before the various life-forms branched off from each other .	it 's just the physics of the universe .	0
sorry .	excuse me !	1
i 'm sorry . god . - i got ta go .	apart from the little sufia they were all tense , moving decisively , and in their eyes they were afraid .	0
will i age and die in this office ? ''	yeah , i would n't mind having one .	0
anything wrong ?	anything going on ?	1
thirty people heard her .	three people heard her .	1
where 's this going ?	all straps of the restraint shall be arranged in such a way as not to be uncomfortable with the user or making a dangerous configuration for normal use .	0
`` pa-kur wishes to know if the false ubar , marlenus , still lives . ''	the gossip continued : `` pa-kura is still wondering if former ubar marlenus is still alive . ''	1
i led you through four years of war , and i never steered you wrong , did i ?	did i lead you in a war , and i made a mistake ?	1
i 'm talking friends , i 'm talking family .	i broke up with sam .	0
i was here a while before jenna showed up .	are you sitting on your fucking ears ?	0
`` i 'll take this one , darrell , '' hood said .	just look at him .	0
no ! oh , yeah .	so you can call as many employees as you want , but it wo n't tell you anything .	0
the president has had knowledge of everything that 's happened today .	the president knew about everything that happened today .	1
you want to find out , if you insult me enough , i 'm gon na break rank and put you into your place ?	look , i 'm growing up !	0
the radio sitting on the berm had been transmitting only the noise of static .	the radio was on the bench carrying only static static .	1
some alphas , like the ones i work with , can do things that would amaze you .	some of the alphs , like the ones i work with , do things to impress you .	1
global options ...	you have to choose right now .	0
is that what you want the tourists to believe ?	they write that the exhaust of this car creates a sound that varies from , `` the rachot of the night storm ,	0
says here 15,000 .	there 's 15,000 here .	1
dad , you realize we know where babies come from , right ?	she looked very angry .	0
goodbye , everybody !	you 've got the lights on on the porch .	0
my mum always said ... ... you should let everyone have their moment to shine . you know ?	honey , i read the reports and i made it .	0
we are requiredto shower together to save on water	he sent me such an amazing email about removing the wire .	0
that 's a mistake that ...	grab the white prick .	0
he might be more receptive than you think .	instead of flowers , hit the face with a rusty chain .	0
deanna has n't given me a job yet . you want one ?	invalid number min ; please enter entire positive number	0
his face flushed , his mouth trembled .	he flushed , his mouth trembling .	1
but lose one of us , it hurts us all .	what suddenly broke his confidence ?	0
but a letter is actually one of the few times	but the letter is one of few options	1
the rich and in­fluential have suddenly discovered the power of the vulgus mobile . ”	but you would n't believe how hard my heart is .	0
can not do it .	who 's the bald guy , who is he ?	0
deaf , he is not , dude .	i did n't even know your name , for god 's sake .	0
they were lured into the marshes , then killed and robbed .	they were lured to biesbosch and murdered .	1
stay back ! or i break the kid 's neck !	stay there , or i 'll break the baby 's neck .	1
kiss me again ...	kiss me .	1
is that clear ? - yes , sir .	yes , sir .	1
you christians with your cross :	your christmas with your cross :	1
we grieve at your loss and offer substantial monetary compensation .	your loss makes us sad and so we offer considerable financial compensation .	1
`` i 'm still looking for a way to avert the end . ''	`` i 'm looking for a way to stave off an irreversible ending . ''	1
why should i be having all the fun in the totally degrading uniform ?	the wedding is the father of the bride .	0
you know , elliot , in modern medicine , we 're often faced with tough decisions . - you are amazing .	13 - allow incoming messages with a demand for a timestamp .	0
i just ... well .	i just ...	1
somewhere there between the stars was the answer to the complications that overwhelmed him , and he felt the yearning for that solution to arrive and end things .	somewhere out there among the stars was the answer to what had harvested him , and he felt he longed for the solution to come and end everything .	1
the analysis provided clps under two macroeconomic scenarios , a baseline and an adverse one .	the analysis provided estimates of credit losses on the basis of two macroeconomic scenarios , a baseline scenario and a negative scenario .	1
after this , jesus went across lake galilee ... or lake tiberias , as it is also called .	then jesus went to the other shore of tiberian lake in galilee .	1
article 51b synchronisation of business clocks 1 .	article 51b synchronization of commercial clocks 1 .	1
i 'm sure that 'll pass when you 're sitting in your brand-new mobile home .	symbolic value , the character .	0
i think i got it . hold on .	i guess i 've got it .	1
screws loosened recently or holes that blood could 've been injected .	but i certainly ca n't be proud of myself .	0
that it could actually , god help us all , create a fresh public support for resuming the war .	that he really could , god help us , would stir up support for the resumption of the war .	1
i do n't concern myself with motives , whicher .	i do n't care about the motives , whicher .	1
you might find this hard to believe , but this polymer ... is composed of over 200 naturally occurring elements .	this is likely to be difficult to believe , but this polymer is made up of two hundred elements of nature in nature .	1
good idea , ernie .	good idea , ernie , a toast ...	1
like more us than us is ourself .	she 's more like us .	1
well , now i 've got a new favorite ... lebanese girls .	same as my father 's .	0
death does that .	how far to the ken ...	0
you 're right . i know , i did . i did .	you 're right , i know , i asked .	1
a private bank loans all the currency at interest to the government ,	· there is also no proven independence , as a result of the situation where the audit has become essentially one of many commercial services .	0
if you ca n't keep your problems , our problems outside , then you should go .	kim took the message from her .	0
it should be mentioned that the new career structure may have greater effects as regards salary structure within units than originally anticipated .	and your aunt ?	0
yeah , i know you like randy , you 're jealous of my hair , bla bla bla .	walk around green garbage bags .	0
i 'm a little light this week .	i 'm kind of dry this week .	1
fuckin ' sick fuck .	disgusting piece of shit .	1
by the time that we got there , the water had come up and carried him away-	leave him alone !	0
every hour there will be a new danger zone .	but i have to say i 've heard it from a pretty trusted source .	0
get down , jim .	only he knows the truth about them .	0
get him off me !	get away from me !	1
we were at barts together .	we were at the barts !	1
`` you think i might be able to ?	she just wants to know how and when she changes the womb of her mother 's composition of her chemicals .	0
mary just bowed .	mary just nodded .	1
maybe even computer access .	or access to a computer .	1
we arrive at the hilton and there is a sea of lesbians .	so , where are they ?	0
for us , our high school graduation definitely fits the bill .	our high school graduation is guaranteed to define them .	1
and then , fire !	now , shoot !	1
well , i 'd hate to sound like a suitor who is constantly being turned down for a date .	well , i do n't want to sound like an admirer whose invitation to date is constantly refusing .	1
blood-stained rucksack with a frisbee .	he 's running !	0
mottola , anyone on command ?	`` it 's a shame we do n't have any prepared routines for this in the archives . ''	0
and if he does that , he loses his expansion .	that probably is n't exactly a good strategy .	0
poison gases , sludge . everyone throws them into the sea .	toxic gases , mud ... all end in the sea .	1
i 'm a finalist for the elsa hax scholarship , which will give me a free ride at columbia .	my husband did n't read a single book , unless i 'm mistaken , but he has a mania to interpret every room with books .	0
let the hostages go or you 're out of there .	i 'm sorry .	0
you 're my ride , man .	i told you he could stay here tonight .	0
i want to see you get that ticket , abraham .	i want to see you go out , abraham .	1
look at me , lan !	we 'll fix your memories .	0
`` as it happens , '' dogin said , `` we could n't have timed the countdown better .	this is shelby from room 21 .	0
when the bottleneck results from a lack of suitable infrastructure or its improper use , then a solution is required .	a counter-measure should be adopted if , because of a lack of adequate infrastructure or its misuse of infrastructure .	1
yeah , trying .	he ca n't interrogate a corpse .	0
the coopers chose to do their surgery here because we 've done so many of them that we 're getting good at it .	cooper chose us for the operation , because we 've done a lot of them , so we 're good at it .	1
they leave their parents ' homes	did you think deeply ?	0
he glanced at dara , who nodded slightly .	the third plea in law 68 .	0
i 'll bring you some food !	i was sitting on my dad 's lap , and he read to me those stories , full of vengeful gods and wonder creatures .	0
he said it was over 100 years old .	if it 's leonard , have him call back .	0
there 's something in the house up there .	why would he kill someone and then run upstairs to take care of the gas leak ?	0
but without more hard data , my hands are tied .	but without proper lining , my hands are tied .	1
it has n't come in ?	it 's starting to turn .	0
who 's helping des ?	who 's gon na help sam ?	1
this is definitely the car for you .	it 's me , baby , lou !	0
after what he 's been through , i ca n't blame him .	i do n't blame him for what he 's done .	1
he was the only one that could do the	he 's the only one who could have cast	1
i do n't know . we 'll have to go see .	i do n't know . let 's take a look .	1
when you come home i 'll stop skipping school .	when you get home , i 'll stop bullshitting .	1
oh , he 's lying around here somewhere .	he 's lying around .	1
just excuse us for a moment , would you ? - mm-hm .	just excuse us for a second , will you ?	1
do n't you have to ... go to the fields .	so do we .	0
all right , so ... what 's the word ?	okay , so ... what do you say ?	1
i want to go to harry potter land and try that fake butterbeer .	he laughed at his thunder of laughter .	0
we 're friends of debbie 's . ~	we 're old friends , debbie .	1
birds , butterflies , birds .	now is not the time .	0
but julian should 've known better than to send fucking cory and trevor .	but julian might have had better time to think about what the fuck he sent cory and trevor .	1
look , i 'm so sorryl lied to you last night .	listen , i 'm sorry i lied to you last night .	1
‘ close to two hundred now , but the numbers are swelling daily .	besides , i look like my mom .	0
because jen is there .	the data subject has unequivocally given consent , or	0
so , here 's to nathan and haley , here 's to hope , and here 's to a love that will not alter .	so , nathan and haley , hope and love that wo n't change .	1
you got me the newspapers ?	creditors will be the first to claim everything .	0
vulcans use them to train their infants in primary logic .	vulcans use them to practice the basic logic of children .	1
# and the promise to be near each time you call	# and promise i 'll be with you every time you call .	1
you will be supporting the right of the conqueror against the right of blood . '	you will support the right of conqueror against the right of blood. ``	1
you do n't have the faintest idea what 's going on ...	you owe me .	0
gentlemen , i give you matt saunders .	gentlemen , this is matt saunders .	1
when first you came here , i sent for you , meaning you nothing but honour .	when you first arrived , i sent for you and i wanted to welcome you with honors .	1
ready to degrease ?	( c ) nationality ;	0
it 's like that old saying , `` have sex , eat some cake . ''	`` make love , eat your pie . ''	1
look , frank i know it 's awkward , but you 're not still obsessed with our relationship , are you ?	i know it 's hard , but are you still obsessed with our relationship ?	1
you 're such a pretty picture	we 'll go next .	0
you can stay .	you 'll stay here .	1
the victim was the mother of one of your compadres who we know you killed . - but ca n't prove . right , officer ?	does he look healthy enough ?	0
who can tell that this mayonnaise dripping freak.. ..is the creative director of a big agency ?	who can say that mayonnaise dripping nuts ... . is a creative director from a big agency ?	1
magnus has also wet his pants at school	magnus peed his pants at the school .	1
during a snowstorm , might i add .	the only dark things he sings about with his group congregation is heartbroken love .	0
she still looks up to you , you know .	he still looks up to you .	1
you know a hotel ?	do you know any accommodations ?	1
tanning salons , expensive elective surgery , and travel to the tropics .	bye , bob .	0
all will answer mordor 's call . man :	all the answers to mordor 's call .	1
for christ 's sake , you 're a stifler .	oh my god , you 're stifler .	1
but you 're something :	he came out of the elevator , drove off the right floor .	0
rinaldo , the current in the right channel has gone down !	rinaldo , move it to the right channel down !	1
his name 's joey evans .	joey evans .	1
she healed people .	is it not enough for you to suffer what you have done to this town ?	0
but i see the way that you slink around at this school . mm-hmm .	but i see you sneaking around at this school .	1
where i wo n't be interrogated like a criminal .	it was a bad sign that something will happen in your family .	0
with this judge 's death , there will be no verdict . no ending .	if the judge is dead , there wo n't be a verdict .	1
maybe if you had n't have been so dismissive , so rude ... not sue me rude , not sue me dismissive .	that belongs to god .	0
he eyed the three astonished people facing him with deep suspicion .	`` does the ink spill on elizabeth johnston 's notes also have a bearing on celia austin , or do you suspect someone else ? ''	0
well a tea .	tea ?	1
jackson thinks mike is still hung up on me .	he wo n't say .	0
and he thought it was azita so he went inside for like 2 seconds .	he thought azita was calling , so he went in for a few seconds .	1
the sound of the cessna grew louder again as it taxied back along the road towards fergus and danny .	he started taking medication he should have taken weeks before .	0
i guess this is the year you 're supposed to pick a major and start carving out your path in life .	the skin on his back broke , he got up , his arms around her waist , whimpering .	0
hey , vince , we 're out of coffee .	| | 2 organizer or seller must provide complete and accurate information .	0
that 's how you figure out what kind of band to be .	so you figure out what kind of group you want to be .	1
it 's a big day for us .	it 's our big day !	1
here they are !	`` a global war of biological and chemical . ''	0
robinson is critical but stable .	you know what we need ?	0
i imagined that we could have presented him with any challenge and he would have accepted , just to test himself .	'every bottle will hurt for at least seven minutes ! 'said colon .	0
if pregnancy occurs while taking ioa , further intake should be stopped .	when pregnant while taking ioa , its further use should be discontinued .	1
he said nothing , but she saw the surprise replaced by longing , and his expression softened .	she did n't tell dad .	0
thoughtful . i asked for it .	is it okay ?	0
my husband was packmaster .	my husband was the leader of the pack .	1
the helicopter buzzed overhead , high enough that it did n't disturb the wind , but low enough that i was pretty sure it was looking at me .	the helicopter was buzzing in the sky , high enough not to pick up the wind , but low enough to make sure they were looking at me .	1
what if we ask nicely ?	why do n't we ask nicely ?	1
all emanating from a central point of the floor .	can you tell me if this guy was the same tattoo artist ?	0
it 's just a coincidence that horace is stationed at aldershot too .	and she 's very generous too - i think she 'll be able to help you with something much more than just a pair of crumbs .	0
`` for long before he used horses for his labours ... `` he killed them for meat .	normal ?	0
his hind legs had n't been designed for bipedal walking ; the knees were the wrong way round and the hooves were overlarge .	some people are not very happy about being out there awaiting the outcome of the appeal .	0
background	in the background	1
assist me in a flight of fancy , gentlemen .	help me keep my imagination , gentlemen .	1
what happened , mom ?	what happened ?	1
a lion . but that was only because it was charging our tent .	and i prosecuted him .	0
we got our newspaper .	we got the paper .	1
`` long enough for what ? ''	we 'll take you there today and i promise you 'll come back as a replacement .	0
you know what you should do , cleve , you should get yourself a boy to celebrate with , just in case we win .	although the merger reportedly led to cuts to independent supply of electric drives , there will continue to be several integrated suppliers that can supply rolling stock .	0
you 've seen how a woman must be made to remove her own clothing ... ... depriving her of her dignity .	i 'm sorry .	0
okay , i found the web site carey gave us .	he waved his hand and closed his eyes .	0
we 'll head into the mountains on foot .	we 'll walk into the mountains .	1
if i got a job , i bet you i 'd get me one of them nice kawasaki 350s .	i 'll take the blood samples , but i 'm not sure ...	0
william : you know , it 's funny that you should mention that .	i 'm curious .	0
especially when you see the future .	then he takes a picture of us , in the yearbook , so everyone can see how stupid we look .	0
you are trembling . i 'll walk you to your carriage .	you remember the dock at ringsen ?	0
the two latter together account in 2004 for about 0,7 percentage points of gdp in net terms .	the muscle is terrible .	0
i think you could think about that , guy .	you should think about it , guy .	1
but diseases also traveled these routes .	be careful .	0
okay . you 're all good to go .	you can all go .	1
when i first saw her beaver ... ... ing away ... beavering away , cooking josh a meal , i knew she was a real catch .	when she showed me her beaver ... ... cooking ... ... her cooking , the food for josh , i knew she was a catch .	1
that 's who you were with on the phone ?	i do n't want to smoke , vin .	0
yes , i have a boy in rusava .	yeah , i have a hoop in rusava , yeah .	1
for example , the turnover of a service undertaking which acts as an intermediary may consist solely of the amount of commissions which it receives ’ .	let 's see what he can do .	0
oh , i guess it would have to be the first day of school when i met all the other students .	is there any pizza ?	0
it'il help with global warming , which has n't happened yet , so maybe we can prevent it .	you have a nerve to walk in here after the trouble .	0
you scared the shit out of me .	you scared me to death .	1
`` she did n't want us showing off , '' said ron sagely . ''	( b ) disability of the crew to control the system , such as : 1. self-affected actions ;	0
a line of bare chest showed it was a man , but a wave of brown hair covered his face like a shroud .	the silhouette of the naked chest showed it was a man , but his face covered the strands of brown hair like a veil .	1
frank , come on now	grunther , take sir hilary to dr. von san .	0
go back to buenos aires . and get an annulment .	however , it is necessary to examine in more detail the feasibility of the proposed options .	0
well , the guy you collared in the car may know who they are .	well , he got the guy in the car , maybe he 'll know who they are ?	1
and what did you do with that fresh , hot lint ?	what were you doing with those fresh , hot pants ?	1
his wife pulled the molecule-exciter out of her purse .	maybe you should tell him sometime .	0
got to phone me old mom .	i ca n't even think about the food yet , but i have no doubt that ginger ale , cigarette and magazine i can handle .	0
could use a little help here .	but even then , he was bored .	0
he wants me to be pan of his artistic process .	mintar leaned comfortably in the cushions .	0
this thing will only run for five days ?	you hate that , do n't you ?	0
again , aron was about to call to her , but he stopped himself .	aron tried to call her again , then stopped .	1
they may have trouble adapting to their new environment .	sophie slides down pole .	0
rhythm . do it with a borat accent .	say it with a borat accent .	1
yes ? wait a second .	would you love me or would you not believe me ?	0
not even one drink ?	shall we have a drink ?	1
i let the zombie virus out .	the ambush was so insidious and so well-established that all ten greyhounds had collapsed at one point .	0
'and what else ? ' said frodo .	she turned and her hand did not touch the body that was supposed to be there .	0
`` rohana 's women .	`` for example , rohan 's women .	1
siddhant , do n't , please .	do n't do this , please .	1
‘ i ’ ll be there , maev , ' he said , with a sigh .	'i 'll be there , maev , 'he promised with a sigh .	1
eventually , they settled down at castle lubov and had a child .	the sky , which had been grey , had now been painted pink with its orange glow .	0
you 're on my t-t-turf !	fuck off !	0
that 's the thing about the truth .	let 's get these boxes open and we 'll see , right ?	0
`` get rescued . ''	secretary of the british crown .	0
but we have discovered he has an agreement to retrieve the orb for an intermediary known as the broker .	we discovered he had a deal to get the orb for a man - known as a dealer .	1
there have n't been more than 1oo authentic cases ... ... of so-called `` split personality , '' mrs. macneil .	there are no more than a hundred verified cases ... of so-called `` multiple personality , '' mrs. macneil .	1
so what about it , juarez ?	what are we gon na do about it , juarez ?	1
it is what i believe .	we should run the dna through the database .	0
just fucking hit him !	fuck him !	1
`` yes , lad , '' she agreed demurely , `` and i promise not to sign away our claim to novaya rodina , either . ''	`` yes , ly , '' she agreed , `` and i promise i will not sign the novoy family federation edition . ''	1
yes ! - you are ugly , man .	excuse me .	0
nice latina mouth you got lately , dolores .	you have a big mouth , dolores .	1
`` it 's all so artistic , as if you were abroad . ''	`` everything is so artistic , it 's like being a stranger to a stranger ! ''	1
( no item is being played )	i 'm still lying , i ca n't do anything about it .	0
what brings you around these parts ?	copk brings you to these parts ?	1
i fixed your boiler .	i fixed your cauldron .	1
ada never made a sound .	i ca n't believe we slept together on our first date .	0
not exactly , no .	no .	1
i worried that maybe something with your happened .	i was getting a little worried that something happened to you .	1
gailet did not recall falling asleep on the beanbag .	gailet could not recall when she fell asleep on the canvas seat .	1
gas , lasers , to prevent escape oflab animals .	gas , lasers , prevent the penetration of lab animals .	1
the king , chick hicks and lightning mcqueen in a 200 lap .	according to article 14 ( 1 ) teu , `` the european parliament exercises , together with the council , a legislative and budgetary function . ''	0
i got ta suck my fucking soul in , put a smile on my face .	`` it 's only once a year , but it 's ... solidarity . ''	0
you have come and are here met , in this very nick of time , by chance as it may seem .	you came and you met here at this time of extremity seemingly by chance .	1
you are a crazy son of a bitch .	you 're fucking nuts !	1
i see , thanks .	thank you .	1
third one of the luck of lucks	paxayan 's business quarter was divided into circuitry .	0
i look forward to seeing more of you , moira .	organisations having a c and / or d qualification for each qualification shall be charged with a qualification fee of c for each qualification .	0
pinging % s	the colour i initially thought was dirt ... ... under the captain 's nails ... ... is actually a black paint .	0
but not really blue .	i was upset , and i did it without meaning .	0
hiya , j.p . - how 's business ?	it 's just something i do n't want everyone to know .	0
i 'll meet you outside . -thank you . -you 're welcome .	i 'll meet you outside .	1
unfortunately , peritonitis set in and he died seven days later .	unfortunately , he got pneumonia and died a week later .	1
i suppose the name of this ship means nothing to you ?	when he finished , he shot off george biondim 's face .	0
while it 's fresh .	commander ...	0
all you got to do is pick up the telephone and dial now 634-5789	the fools did n't create anything useful even during a normal long life , why would they want to live a few centuries longer and prove even less ?	0
if you 're not special directorate , you ca n't be a disrupter .	if you do n't have special credentials , you ca n't be disruptive .	1
pretty sure that 's ass 's milk rather than arse milk .	i 'm pretty sure it 's donkey milk , not an eagle .	1
a small force of a hundred men came north , creating a false trail .	no , we 're not saying goodbye .	0
do n't say anything .	but 43 percent of marriages are divorced .	0
not to bring me back to ... a life ... where i have to get my ... meals from a ... from a tube .	the european law provides for the necessary measures to this effect , with the exclusion of harmonisation of the laws of the member states .	0
you made me become ill and you gave me back the joy of health .	you caused my illness and you gave me joy .	1
the headlights swung out of the drive , the long black chassis reflecting the wash of the floodlights .	`` my father can have much , but he 's not a fool .	0
“ madame wants a bunch of raw , leafy vegetables .	even galeni would not be a candidate .	0
no , i must talk to you for a moment .	she needed a drink , but she was afraid to take anything that came out of the taps in this horrendous cabin .	0
can i at least give you a ride home ?	in ancient times , before humans invented writing ... people looked for stones to express their feelings , and gave them to other people .	0
i was a consumer of narcotics , and you were someone with access to pharmaceutical-grade product .	i was a narcotics user , and you were someone who had access to pharmaceutical quality products .	1
nevertheless , directive 2001/29 does not specify the meaning of that expression .	however , directive 2001 / 29 does not specify what is meant by this expression .	1
© 2002-argument , the kexi team	rose , come on ...	0
off a soda can at the hospital .	from the soda pack , at the hospital .	1
leaning forward , i took hold of one of her ankles and ran my fingers over the sole of her foot .	i reached out and took my pink heel and ran my finger along my foot .	1
how about ... `` did jane pop right out of you , or was it a struggle , like trying to bathe a cat ? ''	`` did john fire you , or was it a fight , like trying to bathe a cat ? ''	1
he'il come later .	he 'll come later .	1
hey what you doing kolian ?	what are you doing ?	1
do what ? !	like what ?	1
are you sure this is the address ?	the sounds of fighting raged outside around the palace .	0
what ? oh , i just miss him so much !	now listen .	0
lauren , what are you doing here ?	any witnesses yet ?	0
do either of you two know what the story is on this erin girl ?	i know you have to go .	0
when the wind reached the mountain-top he could see something happen , a flicker of blue stuff against brown clouds .	you may have lost there , and admirably fast , i can say , but no hard feelings .	0
i-i would n't know anything about that .	i do n't know about that .	1
and one holder was selected from each squad , who then in turn selected a trainer .	then each squad selected a breeder and that trainer again .	1
ah , it does n't work .	it 's not working .	1
you want to help me finish planting ?	what were you thinking about ?	0
prodej , leasing a servis vozidel ford .	i understand you 're using those kidnappers as an excuse to lock up children without trial .	0
and the first way that they decided to pull together after the war was to provide free medical care for everyone .	listen .	0
ciao darling !	ciao , my dear .	1
even kurald galain has felt the poison 's touch . '	even kurald galain feels a poisonous touch. ``	1
then , there 's my gorgeous sister here .	and now , we have my dazzling sister here .	1
nate , what are you doin ' ?	it must therefore be held that the term `` exclusively '' interpreted correctly .	0
i drive as much as i can .	they shut down the fire at the gas station .	0
i burned it in a drunken rage .	and then i found him .	0
we were attacked in mid air .	they attacked us in the air .	1
but it did n't finish me either .	now i want you to release your feet .	0
we kill the villain in the climax and die again .	the conclusion of the film is that we kill nothing and die again .	1
this would dissolve the calcium carbonate , the microscopic shells of plankton , and uncover what was hidden .	it dissolves calcium carbonate , microscopic shells of plankton , and shows what lies beneath them .	1
get happy , junior ! ''	be happy , young man ! ``	1
( oj 2009 l 78 , p. 1 ) .	lua nova	0
how do you -- oh , yes , my friend .	but i think i 'm gon na let you down .	0
i fear i may have caught it too .	god has heard my prayers .	0
wednesday frowned , and stroked his beard .	wednesday frowned and rubbed his chin .	1
give me a number , or else i 'm gon na hit you .	tell me your number or i 'll hit you .	1
perhaps , perhaps this table might be more suitable for ... nine .	maybe this one would be more appropriate ... for ... nine .	1
d whose life am i in ?	yeah , i can do that .	0
maybe most of it .	well , his name 's hope / hope /	0
`` carlisle , esme , '' edward 's voice broke the short silence , `` this is bella . ''	`` carlisle , esme , '' edward said , `` this is bella . ''	1
so i asked him , `` who is the visitor ? ''	so i asked him , 'who is he ? '	1
`` i certainly will , commander . ''	`` i 'll certainly do that , number one . ''	1
i have to send one of my people to the meet .	the dinner was still in silent conversation , and after it we took to the porch .	0
in the first place , elizabeth could give him a direct order if she chose to .	that 's great !	0
i would start off by rendering that duck fat off the duck breast .	attribute argument attribute argument2 must contain argument3 , argument4 , or urls .	0
civil courts are in no circumstances required to replace criminal courts in the suppression of such conduct .	but one smiling girl brought me a glass of cool wine - and then went to serve the others .	0
yes , i 'll be there .	i 'll be right there .	1
but if tatsumi would n't back up his own version of what had happened , it would be just his word against steilman 's .	but when tatsumi does n't support his version of the event , he will state aubrey 's word against steilman .	1
but none of those things are the reason i want to help save her , if she can be saved .	but none of those things is the reason i want to help her if she 's even helped .	1
i do not like how it 's going this separation	description : for these types of beer , the following information shall be added :	0
oh , yeah , baby . oop !	hello , my dear !	0
what 's inside ? - not here .	what 's inside ?	1
the performance which may be required includes the remedying free of charge of a performance which is not in conformity with the contract .	we have to get to the lowest point .	0
but this book is a profound insult to decent people everywhere .	there 's no one else .	0
i just asked her to kill your son ,	repairs on the ship and repair of his self-sufficient after bo-yi with a titan consumed a lot of energy .	0
how many times did i say it , face ?	go , east fortress .	0
i need two more from you !	no one has seen her in the last hour .	0
helm control activated .	flight control activated .	1
the accounts of the mage ah azra of the shining planes—the city of the white stone .	it was not difficult to find brock and mauss , and there was glessing with a statement in his hands .	0
for non-aqueous vehicles the toxic characteristics of the vehicle should be known , and if not known should be determined before the test .	this seemed to be dorfman 's younger sister 's room .	0
the sorcerer slowly brought his eyes to bear on him and amoli .	manufacturing other motor vehicles	0
so i 've gone through the audio tapes and identified people who might be upset with you .	you have to sign up !	0
well , i am much prettier than you .	i 'm prettier , too , than you .	1
there is no gods .	not even the gods .	1
who the fuckâ€™s been sitting here then ?	who the fuck was sitting here ?	1
oh , this is gettingbetter and better .	oh , yeah , it 's getting better and better .	1
he could n't remember the last time he 'd felt as flat-out hungry as he did at that moment .	he could n't even remember the last time he had the kind of hunger he had right now .	1
is it , steve ?	you 're the right girl .	0
you said he confessed in bagdad .	you said he confessed in baghdad .	1
okay , you joke , but seriously , i 'm in hell right now .	you 're kidding , but i 'm really living hell .	1
back then , if it was less than 50 rounds , we demanded our nickel back !	back then , when they lasted more than 50 rounds , we lost the ticket !	1
no 1303/2013 ) 2.a.1 priority axis ( repeated for each priority axis )	( b ) regulation ( eu ) no 1303 / 2013 ) 2.a.1 priory axis ( referred to repeatedly for each priority axis )	1
it was like the hairs on the back of my neck stood up .	i could feel the hairs on the back of my neck .	1
and i 'm outta here .	because i 'm not an expert in practical life .	0
oh , you 're good .	i mean ... you 're really good .	1
so , you know , i was wondering ... ... if maybe you 'd consider if you was n't busy	you know , i was wondering if you 'd come by if you had time .	1
the sediment brought up was to be deposited on reclaimed land located inside the ‘ foce del timavo ’ site .	it was determined that the excavated sediments would be deposited on the proplacings fields in the `` foce del timavo '' site .	1
`` is there anything else we have to take care of , presswise ? '' he asked as his phone beeped twice .	`` is there anything else that needs to be done about the press ? '' he asked ; at that moment , his phone beeped twice .	1
i 'd been following this spy for months and finally had him cornered .	all of a sudden , you believe doctors , you love puppies , and you like to walk in the rain .	0
officials – staff of europol – two-yearly incremental points ( europol staff regulations , arts 28 and 29 )	officials - staff of europol - public policy procedure every two years ( staff regulations applicable to europol employees , articles 28 and 29 )	1
no data detected .	no data .	1
however , the use of this special condition must be notified in advance to the commission ( jax/*2a-14 ) .	so she was there ?	0
what the hell is the rush ? ”	what 's the rush ? ``	1
to think that piece of shit was my friend once .	i think he was my friend once .	1
there 's an overnight bag in the backseat if no one 's stolen it .	it was supposed to be me and you .	0
wait , is n't that how long you have to eat pad thai before it becomes bad thai ?	is n't that how long you have to eat thai food before you can be considered thai ?	1
you 've taught me well .	you trained me well .	1
ten cases ?	you should have left her .	0
it 's the same thing he did to me .	that 's what he did to me .	1
i saw the play tonight .	all three football jackets of the victims were found behind the motel ... ... in which peter chambers lived last week .	0
`` there 's only one now .	i found out he was locked up in your dungeon .	0
we do not see eye to eye on certain matters , but we both have the same objective , the defeat of luden macks and the covenanters . '	report by ws-f prp	0
we will take the next one .	to avoid death penalty cases , it will save the city millions of dollars .	0
look at this ! what 's going on ?	global settings ...	0
i mean , one day , the doctor tells me it 's ms , right ? and then the next day , he tells me it 's ...	i 've admired you for years , and i have a complete collection of all newspaper articles about you .	0
you are not troubled ?	let me go , help !	0
lady guests , if you know what i mean .	ladies visit if you know what i mean .	1
there had been the usual minor teething problems , but nothing serious ; the last five runs had been completely trouble-free .	there were usual minor childhood illnesses , but no more serious problems ; the last five journeys took place without a single complication .	1
i forgot to get a receipt from the cab when i went to the farmhouse .	i forgot to take a receipt for the cab to the farm .	1
even you got ta know when you 're gettin ' played .	you should know when they 're playing you .	1
could you guys just take me home ?	ca n't you take me home ?	1
no . i 'll handle it myself .	by this time , the laborers were building up the road , leading from work camp to a rocky day of the river up on golgotha .	0
not pure science , i admit , but ...	torresi , what did you call a seminal escrive ?	0
you got this ? no one gets back on board .	no one 's going back on board .	1
opening the first ninety valves .	i do n't have a problem .	0
by the way , guess what i found under kate 's sofa yesterday .	by the way , look what i found yesterday under katharine 's couch .	1
seeing that you still call her name after being treated like that , it must have been a while .	when i see you still calling her name after the way she was treated , it must have been a long time .	1
i thought you said you hated con movies .	when the namarine goes , why not us ?	0
it 's gon na be a cold one tonight .	were you hurt like that ?	0
no , detective inspector lestrade , i need to speak to him .	move what you can as a counterweight .	0
almost , now , he was glad of his size .	now he was almost happy with his height .	1
i hate to see you guys fight .	you 're both making a fool of me .	0
you have cause to fight me ?	they 'll kill anyone in there and they 're gone before there 's an echo .	0
uh , well , we were just ... - yeah , we were ...	mostly i use it as a magazine ... to ... you know , beat the flies , to scratch on my motor .	0
that 's the same date he planned the first night he and deb ... you ... first had s-e-x .	`` where the profits go , then there will be retribution .	0
in the study of perennial allergic rhinitis , avamys had reduced scores by 3.6 points after four weeks , compared with a reduction of 2.8 points with placebo .	in a study on year-to-year allergic rhinitis , avamys reduced the number of points by 3.6 points compared to a reduction of 2.8 points in placebo .	1
economies appear to be on a stable , upward path .	`` it 's basically the oldest trick in the world , '' he continued , `` but still requires a proper dose of skill and agility .	0
shaka pissed in those ones !	he pissed on this shaka !	1
and bring plenty of melted butter .	bring a lot of melted bread !	1
we get it , he 's yellow !	mathayus was leaving nippur as a boy , returning as a man .	0
you don'tneed to explain .	there 's nothing more handsome than first kiss .	0
water hammered through the cracks like a cosmic stampede .	it was such a clear high-pitched tone that others were amazed at what sound it came out of those old-bearded lips .	0
perhaps that would be for the best .	we ... we spent her entire childhood doing this , and now she 's suddenly too old to play .	0
`` lucky he went for jack , 'stead of us . ''	`` lucky he got mad at jack and not on us . ''	1
you remember that ? - yeah .	do you remember ?	1
you wan na do something fun ?	do you want to go out and have some fun ?	1
oh , yes , chucky .	but the danger was anything she could have done .	0
grace stiffened as the bell began its toll .	grace stiffened as the bell began to ring .	1
they 're on their way !	they 're coming !	1
okay . okay , come on .	all of a sudden i realized how tired i was , almost on the verge of exhaustion .	0
oyre climbed naked out of bed , put on a long cloak , and padded across to her friend , whose pale face she could dimly discern .	eporatio 2,000 iu / 0.5 ml	0
that 's what you 're gon na go with ?	encrypted volume initialization failed	0
do n't you ever have to breathe ?	you have to take a breath , do n't you ?	1
`` and maybe someday i was thinking about trying to get the ... ''	`` and maybe i 'll try to get ... ''	1
the big guy is calling the shots , '' webster said .	`` yes , mura-san , '' uo said fearfully .	0
`` ulysse , '' she exclaims , wiping away a tear , `` i sometimes feel this child is also mine ! ''	`` ulyxi , '' he says , fumbling for a tear , `` sometimes it seems as though the baby is mine too .	1
( man ) go home , braddock !	pollyanna , i 'm a guest of this family 's head , so why do n't you look at your husband and a bucket ?	0
you do this , you ai n't no different than poole or baxter or that gunhand of his that murdered mose .	if you do it , you 'll be the same as poole or baxter or whoever killed mose .	1
you want to listen ... ... but i do n't feel like singing anymore .	and why would i stay here ?	0
to ask to meet me here in the russian sector is not a good start .	wanting to meet me in a russian zone is not the best start .	1
torturer !	he stroked her hands .	0
i love my job , and i love to go to the movies .	i like my job and also the films .	1
all i have to do is press print .	i love you 'cause you 're crazy .	0
i 'm gon na push out a little turtle head .	looks like it 's gon na blow up .	0
we have n't forgotten .	no , we 'll never forget .	1
you got my vote , robert .	you have my voice .	1
we get them on attempted murder , roll them up on their bosses .	we 'll get them for attempted murder on the way to their bosses .	1
5.3.1 exemptions for certain activities in the public interest and other activities are more complex and require a more nuanced approach .	5.3.1 the more complex is the issue of exceptions for certain activities of general interest or other activities .	1
so how is your father ? yeah ?	how 's your dad doing ?	1
the values espoused by the church were paid their due deference .	the values held by the church took due consideration .	1
`` he 's amenable just now , '' dol said .	at this very moment , aziraphale stood with crowley by the duck pool in st. louis .	0
you were expecting me .	you were expecting me ?	1
there was a shadow , i toned it down ...	he waved his hands of the poor man repeatedly in liquid rubber , drilled a layer into a layer until he could download `` gloves . ''	0
that deep churn in your soul .	well , if it 's not meaningless sex , it 's a little loud at the end .	0
and then jon saw that the man wore a black suit and clerical collar .	death our food and drink .	0
you 're creating an interdimensional field around an already highly-charged stargate with an unstable burst of energy .	a backpack splattered with frisbee .	0
`` it is said that at the dawn of time , `` man , beast and all magical beings lived together under aiglin the father tree .	there 's a hole in that anastomasis ?	0
it was he who had gathered the moredhel under his banner and who had given rise to the abomination that was the black slayers .	cool !	0
when the ice has formed about cape horn the lower regions of the pacific are covered with icefields and icebergs .	if these waters had gone down to cape hoom , the entire southern region of the pacific would be covered with ice fields and ice mountains .	1
okay , and how old are you , mclovin ? - old enough .	stay here and think about what you 've done !	0
if you'il excuse me , i ’ m next .	excuse me , i 'm next .	1
you do n't want to spend the rest of your life having fat middle-aged women and odd homosexual men getting off to your work , do you ?	+ 48 71 328 66 11 to 12 , + 48 662 169 226 .	0
what ? are you allah ... ... to know who is innocent and who is not ?	are you god you know who 's not innocent ?	1
uh-huh - there was a lot more i wanted to say , but the skipper is calling .	ugh - i wanted to tell you much more , but the captain is calling me .	1
following legal interventions , the facility could recover eur 301 and the remaining amount outstanding was recorded as a receivable .	after legal intervention , it was able to recover eur 301 and the remaining amount was recognised as a receivable from a trading transaction .	1
thanks	there was more bitterness and more ... even to those who loved her the most .	0
what a night .	good night .	1
with that said , he blew george biondi 's face off .	your `` windigy '' story is a tale .	0
a cleansing .	clean .	1
i send her with mail to the train station .	* pistoli had ? *	0
do people even know ?	i feel you 're being patronized .	0
it shall serve to facilitate the operation of the primary aid system .	it is designed to simplify the application of the main aid scheme .	1
to hear sleigh bells in the snow	i 'll park in the back .	0
i was threeyears behind , but i catch up .	yes , i 'm coming , idiot !	0
stage left .	tony 's coming back tonight , kicking you in the face .	0
i guess that leaves you at lunch .	i guess you have lunch .	1
he knows which fork to use for salad , so they make him a captain .	i ask the supermarkets to donate their expired food .	0
maybe big , and dumb , and , you know , not nice to me .	ready ?	0
i do not know of such things .	i do n't know about that .	1
“ doctors are people too , you know .	not by yourself .	0
go on , go .	go ahead .	1
johnson said :	johnson said .	1
after last time , it 's the one place we 're sure not to run into your wife .	after what happened last time , i 'm sure we wo n't meet your wife .	1
would you look at all the nice fake titties in this place ?	i did n't lie to you , john .	0
you can have the rest of mine .	you can drink the rest of mine .	1
so it may as well be the one that you ache for more than any other girl on the planet .	and it may be the one that desires more of you than the other girls on the planet .	1
hey , man , wanted to let you know , you are out of beer .	hey , man , i was gon na tell you there was a beer .	1
`` look , you 're choking .	it 's usually water or alcohol solutions .	0
that 's a desperate act .	that 's an act of desperation .	1
rumor has it that there was a man that was accused of being a child molester .	it says there was a man who was accused of being a paedophile .	1
what funny .	we 're talking about a child .	0
it 's , um , an ear thing .	they 're going to florida .	0
i 'll instruct my it department to cooperate fully .	i inform the it department to fully co-operate .	1
all work and no play , or whatever .	start from menu	0
how about for you ?	what about you ?	1
maybe it 's just a test and it 's not loaded .	maybe it 's just a test , and there 's not a single charge .	1
she ... trusted jake , and they turned that into a way to humiliate her .	she believed jake , and they humiliated her .	1
`` i wo n't go back to the village , '' he said .	`` i 'm not going back to the settlement , '' he said .	1
marks and hauser just filed a petition ... to discharge bruiser 's bill .	marks and hauser filed a petition ... to reinstate bruiser 's case .	1
i 'm gon na kill your ass . !	i 'll kill you !	1
`` have you figured out what my job is yet ? ''	i do n't speak italian , but i understand this .	0
got no opinion , sir .	oh , you 're a jerk .	0
good . private bozz , you are the only man that speaks english .	all right , private bozz , you 're the only one who can speak english	1
i 've searched everywhere .	i can wear striped trousers .	0
should we rehearse it one more time ?	they are peruvian musicians who have fled !	0
member object % s has not been instantiated .	`` and filitel , which funds avcla - asia venture capital los angeles - links the philippines . ''	0
plus , i just love homecomings .	besides , i love prom .	1
pippa , you are a north american .	pippa , you 're an american .	1
with it we have a tiny but potent chance to deny fate .	we have a little one , but it 's still a chance to defy destiny .	1
okay , what 's happening now ?	thank you for coming so quickly .	0
thanks harv .	how can you say that ?	0
how did this kid get hold of them ?	how did this guy get ?	1
t s e r o f	we did n't even get a dime !	0
i 'm supposed to lie down on the ground and wait for the all-clear .	i 'm supposed to lie down and wait for it to be completely clear .	1
they did the impossible .	they proved impossible .	1
look , i ca n't afford the mortgage on the flat anymore .	you have until morning .	0
hey , open this back up !	open it !	1
they just sell it to someone else . what ?	i 'll be here for a second .	0
no smoking here .	what , baby ?	0
are you a doctor ?	she pressed against him and put his hand on his stomach .	0
soon , everyone in tianjin will respect the huo name .	soon enough , tianjin will have respect before the name of huo .	1
( 22 ) see report of the uk information commissioner 's office entitled : ‘ privacy by design ’ , published in november 2008 .	it was amazing to be part of it .	0
‘ no , you can keep it .	what the hell are you doing , old man ?	0
if he starts to leave , we 'll stop him .	if devon is going to go , we 'll stop him .	1
okay , now , please , do n't argue with me .	please do n't argue with me .	1
you do most of the driving ?	are you driving mainly ?	1
work out regularly .	regular .	1
if i 'd awakened to him cold and dead beside me . . .	if i woke up and he was lying next to me cold and dead ...	1
are we gon na share that information ?	alexandra nikolaeva of romanov	0
for the first time the mahe flashed that sharpedged gold grin .	for the first time in all , the mahe grimaced so that his gold tooth was visible .	1
take it off .	i told you not to call your mobile .	0
people in your position often stop opening their mail ... so i 'm the first real proof it 's all happening .	people in your situation often stop opening the mail .	1
what the fuck ? ?	montáž suchých staveb .	0
think so ?	visual link interrupted and blocked .	0
seven . they 'd fired straight through the back of his seat .	this man 's been targeting my baby for three days .	0
anyway , i 'm promoting you to chief clerk .	all the sad words were spoken or written . the saddest of all :	0
i 'm just sayin ' it would be nice to be noticed .	i 'm just saying it 's nice to be spotted .	1
so how come grand canyon nostrils is still here ?	just say , okay ?	0
command has attempted to compile a list of casualties and losses , but information is sketchy at best .	i did , but they finally figured i 'd betrayed them .	0
floating oval refund	the distant cry was taken from toranaga by meditation , so he sprang to his feet .	0
could you stock the bar ?	would you set up the bar ?	1
our captain , once he heard that she 's got a doctor 's license , he nearly freaked out of joy .	as the commander heard he had a medical license , he freaked out with joy .	1
it 's part of the natural food pyramid .	it 's part of the food ladder .	1
this sounds like it 's about to blow sky-high .	no ...	0
ah , so soft outwardly , like the first ripe peach of summer , and as fragrant .	oh , outwardly , heaps and smells like a freshly matured summer peach .	1
i 'll be around .	there 's a place ...	0
i love you . - i do n't have any clean underwear .	i do n't have clean underwear .	1
i remember his face .	an intoxicating elite must be created .	0
so , one night , i paddle out to his yacht , and , because i know how , i plant this very sophisticated bomb .	so i went on his yacht one night and i know how it works , i put a pretty sophisticated bomb in there .	1
quinn , you and i are in two different places , way too far apart to go out .	i want to set him free .	0
he says he has the battery .	why ?	0
no , annie .	not yet -- i think they 're pretty busy looking for another contender to fill my scholarship .	0
i just want to make sure nobody did the suicide to him .	i just want to make sure somebody did n't kill him .	1
na'vi vs scythe	and i was n't such an ass .	0
she stumbled and he caught up with her and pushed her off to one side and kept his handgun hard in her back .	she tripped , caught it , threw it aside , and turned it hard into the side of the gun .	1
man . what is this ?	you look beautiful .	0
i 'm just begging you to be kind .	you 're serious .	0
yes , but is my head on straight ?	the audit finding shall be submitted to the european parliament within six months of the end of the accounting period .	0
forget about the client . i want to buy you a drink , man .	no .	0
hunter , in the lead , knelt down on the pavement .	`` you 're very brave when you saved me . ''	0
what are you smelling ?	what do you smell ?	1
that 's a small price to pay for your suvs and your flat-screen tvs , your blood diamonds , your designer jeans , your absurd , garish mcmansions !	you think if they did n't ban you , you 'd wonder who cliff starkey was ?	0
if you tell me we 'll make it i 'll believe you .	if you say we can do it , i 'll trust you .	1
for he alone has dared to dream ... and now we are so very close ... that i believe him when he says the worst is over .	because he 's having a dream , and we 're so close now that i believe him when he says , `` the worst is my life . ''	1
tired , she stood and stretched her back .	she got tired and stretched out .	1
i could almost more easily believe that ...	someone 's trying to plug the encrypted transmissions into the russian network .	0
i am prepared to forgive and i am prepared to forget . do you understand me ?	and i 'm ready to forget , you know ?	1
she had taken a six-month leave of absence to deal with her grief ... ... and this was the first time i 'd seen her back in court .	she took a half year 's unpaid leave to deal with the sadness . this is the first time i 've seen her since the event in court .	1
must 've been hard , doing the right thing , especially when it 's not something you want to do .	it must have been hard to do the right thing especially if that 's not what you want to do .	1
you can tell they 're undercooked by the way they 're bouncing around the bowl .	do n't make me go away , mica .	0
why did you get in the car ?	you have a choice .	0
likes to keep his identity secret .	it would be better to keep his identity hidden .	1
i have my own standards . l just try to keep them private .	i 'm just trying to keep her private .	1
i 've got you stuffed out there .	they confiscated the house of cousin bishop .	0
you 'll be the trainer .	who can say he was chosen by god ?	0
given the nature of these benefits , an actuarial calculation was necessary .	the boys told me what happened to tara .	0
hold back . do n't ever underestimate him .	never underestimate him .	1
`which king ?	i did it for the sheer joy he gave me .	0
alright , you got me .	you got me .	1
my queen , shall we go on with the next film ?	queen , shall i have another movie ?	1
i 've never been aboard a barbarian ship before . ''	netherlands vennootschap onder firm ( public trading company )	0
he seems like a nice man .	then he looked at his colleague and nodded .	0
he hurts me my shoulders .	he lowered his head to kiss her , and then caught the scent of perfume `` the snew angels , '' which was perfectly suited to this moment .	0
there 's an adoption agency in boston on dartmouth street . say again ?	there 's an adoption agency in boston on dartmouth road .	1
asda and dixons might be next .	asda and dixons can follow .	1
the colonel stepped down , then waved the wagons forward .	the colonel dismounted and nodded to the wagons .	1
i 'll trade you for a chest tube .	i 'll trade it for chest scrub .	1
do you really have nuclear triggers in that briefcase ?	the great turk 's yard !	0
not even our police can enter nijiguchi .	nijiguchi is a japanese school , not even our police can touch her .	1
okay , i 'm driving .	all right , i 'll drive .	1
you found us ! - you 're all right !	nobody ... fuck me !	0
if you 're not a chef , why would you put dishes on the menu ?	if he 's not a cook , why build a menu ?	1
it 's me ! i 'm your elephant of joy !	it 's me , your playful slur !	1
i have several blankets	i have a lot of blankets .	1
this assessment has to be carried out in the light of the operation of competitive wholesale markets .	this assessment is necessary in terms of a wholesale market operating under competition conditions .	1
the consolidation loan was a financial operation linked , in every case , to an investment project .	`` the whole regiment ! ''	0
brick , i never thought that you would stoop to her level .	i did n't think you 'd stoop to her level !	1
you run security long enough ... ... you 're gon na grow them yourself .	you work in security long enough ... ... and they grow up for you .	1
but good little girls can often be helped in such situations .	but good little girls are going to be able to help in situations like this .	1
today we face an extremely strong rival .	today we have a very difficult opponent .	1
no one is to use words like `` accident , ''	no one will use words like 'accident , '	1
for a very long time , europa has seemed to be just a solid sphere of ice .	well , the court says you 're mainly one-niners .	0
flares are ineffective , michael .	these stones were used as an altar to kill officers .	0
do i look well enough ?	be good , okay ?	0
but do n't you worry none . i 'm sure we 'll come up with something .	but do n't worry . we 'll figure something out .	1
that 's all you got for me ... `` he 's your fighter '' ?	that 's like everything ? `` he 's your wrestler '' ?	1
i got your names .	when entering the new millennium , we have to ask ourselves :	0
shep , come here at once .	cheep , come here .	1
( knock at door ) - colonel o'neill ?	colonel o'neill ?	1
dear rafe , it 's so strange to be this far from you ... but you should know this : every night --	dear rafe , it 's so weird to be this far away from you .	1
russia has long had the upper hand in turkmenistan .	in fact , russia has had a long run in turkmenistan .	1
all right . i mean , jake 's confident .	jake is confident .	1
how does it feel to show up somewhere with such high hopes only to find out you 're not gettin ' what you expected ?	what 's it like to come up with hope and find out you wo n't get what you wanted ?	1
better follow him and find out .	we better go and find out .	1
it 's really big .	we have mims 's address .	0
institutions may recognise unfunded credit protection in the pd in accordance with the provisions of chapter 4 .	the institutions may take into account the personal collateral protection of credit in accordance with chapter 4 of the pd .	1
len , do you feel like making 50 bucks after school today ?	since the last thing we 've seen , she changed her outfit , probably to sweeten up more with exotic fashion parties for loving vampires .	0
the keeper frowned , drew back .	the guard frowned and drew back a little .	1
10 with respect to the maximum weekly working time , article 6 of directive 93/104 provides :	10 as regards the maximum rest period in the week , article 6 of directive 93 / 104 provides :	1
ah , there is no dance .	no dancing .	1
wo n't you excuse me for a moment ... ... while i slip into something a little bit more comfortable ?	i do n't know if anyone else can .	0
the commission plays a key role in keeping the process going , playing the role of facilitator and supporting the involvement of the relevant players .	but now that you 're not , a collection would mean a lot to me .	0
yeah , hello , sanford .	hi , stenford .	1
that 's just in the last five days .	hundreds , and only in the last 5 days .	1
how was that result ?	do n't forget who might have gotten you where you are today !	0
it was perfectly straight , and bradley realized that it lay precisely along the central axis of the three conjoined lakes .	he was perfectly direct , and bradley realized he was leading precisely in the line of three connected lakes .	1
you mean people are pissed off because he tried to turn everyone in new york city into giant lizards .	people were more pissed off because he tried to turn everyone in new york into a giant lizard , right ?	1
`` now we must recruit mars , '' niobe said .	`` now we have to contact mars , '' niobe said .	1
therefore , the opt-out in article 22 ( 1 ) should cease to apply .	i have n't approved a scrap , and you think you can blackmail me ?	0
if gerd died , i would n't have anyone left in my life .	if gerd had died , i would n't have had anyone at all .	1
if you will commit to a day at a time for 40 days ... ... the results could change your lifeand your marriage .	after what you 've told us about those deadly threats , security has a strict order never to keep an eye on the crowd .	0
`` mark , i 'm going to excuse you now , '' harry said , scribbling on a form , `` and i 'll see you again tomorrow .	`` mark , they 'll take you away now , '' harry said , filling the form , `` and i 'll see you again tomorrow .	1
then , i 'll give you a facial where you can vote .	this opinion has already been addressed by the possibility of law enforcement access to several infor- mation and knowledge systems of a large scale .	0
does it include all these emotional outbreaks ?	does it involve emotional outbursts ?	1
they stared in disgust and alarm as unknown and unseen things slithered past their legs .	during the post-war boom ... charles jourdan made lamb heels .	0
oh , yeah , guess you 're right .	oh , yes , you seem right .	1
oh , that 's hazelnut .	oh , it 's a hazelnut .	1
in that opinion , the hypothesis of access to several large-scale information and identiﬁ cation systems by law enforce- ment authorities was already envisaged .	mom , that 's harsh .	0
of course , since i am paying for all this	of course , if i 'm paying for everything ,	1
here 's some stuff to get you started .	d < 12 m réunion :	0
he pointed to a forest southeast of the depression where the missiles were located .	she needs a typex machine .	0
i want you to rock out to the music , the way you did last night .	[ a complex combination of hydrocarbons obtained .	0
she really does n't want you and the cameras up here now .	he does n't want you with the cameras .	1
i hate when that happens .	we have to meet in the summer ... . then page 80 , which will also be on the test .	0
at least take some dessert for you and your fianc ?	okay , i found the page carey gave us .	0
the ambush was so sudden and so well planned that all ten grays were dead almost at the same instant .	this is our best proof for now that they really created him .	0
the safe room . what happened ?	safe room .	1
click to set the date range and units you have specified	click to set time periods and units	1
• click the object ’ s stroke or fill .	• click the move or fill the selected object .	1
nina sharp .	especially in 20 .	0
regulation ( ec ) no 851/2005 allows the visa requirement to be introduced provisionally vis-à-vis the countries concerned .	regulation ( ec ) no 851 / 2005 provides for the possibility of temporarily renewing the visa requirement against those countries .	1
we 've got to keep going .	i feel the same deodorant that was felt at the first crime scene .	0
had she taken it while he slept ?	in the meantime , i 'm gon na go talk to mr. garibaldi .	0
|| impact assessment this proposal is the result of the implementation of the basic regulation .	| | impact assessment this proposal is the result of implementation of the basic regulation .	1
dig down deep and break the streak !	shay , he 's got power burns .	0
do you know how to rappel ?	do you know how to celebrate ?	1
so far , we 've been to paris ,	what do you do then , huh ?	0
question for written answer e-006657/12 to the commission struan stevenson ( ecr ) ( 3 july 2012 )	question for written answer e-006657 / 12 to the commission struan stevenson ( ecr ) :	1
brand asked that the body of the accursed one be brought to him , that he might behold him who would be king of all the world .	brand asked to bring the body of the prophet to him so he could look at the one who might have been the ruler of the world .	1
'because i lived in these mountains as a child , before you humans came to plague us .	the magic was a great thing , but even science earned its place in the sun ; they were complementary mechanisms of knowledge .	0
he or she may simply be deaf .	i 'm scared .	0
um , do you think you could run her name for me ?	4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... and over !	0
but i really really really really really do n't think i 'll enjoy it .	you want me here ?	0
mr. shaw , did n't you tell me before the trial that it was your idea to plant the bomb , not my client 's ?	agrippa , you will take my letters to rome on the way .	0
get fifth avenue cleared up by 3:00 ... or we got the traffic jam from hell .	get down by 3 : 00 on the 5th street ... or we 'll have a traffic jam in here .	1
i go , and she ai n't there .	i go and there and he 's not there .	1
the gardener was looking their way with his field glasses .	think of a terrible effect on countries that have no right to privacy .	0
if nature had meant for me to be a regular bear ... ... it would n't have given me such a good thought-cooker , sir .	maybe something really happened to her .	0
he had a real thing about women , and on the frontier he 'd been an insidious terror .	you know the food looks pretty good .	0
so ... you believe the kid ?	it said i 'm here and the dining room is full .	0
let me get you your apron .	i 'll give you an apron .	1
a man in love is an ugly sight .	our guy in love is pretty nasty .	1
well , it is his highness clovis ' personal vehicle ...	well , it 's his majesty 's personal vehicle .	1
if you 're gon na die , die alone .	put your hands on the table .	0
i 'll go after the psychotic doppelganger .	i 'm going after the crazy doppelganger .	1
u.s. secret service agents discovered his body after reports	secret service found his body after receiving a message	1
okay , i do n't even understand what happened in there .	- i do n't understand what happened .	1
and auntie too ?	bloated , degenerated pigs .	0
so he froze .	blackthorne froze .	1
behind him the remains of the brewery smouldered .	i 'll put it back in your bag .	0
the skin split along his back , and he reared upward , hands hugging her waist , screaming .	i thought i 'd read my book	0
if only the sanctions would last a bit longer , we 'd be made .	find out if he called alex harris .	0
what it is is the next big idea on the `` send sue to college '' plan .	it 's another big idea for `` how to send sue to college . ''	1
the door 's unlocked .	oddfyield	0
which computer ?	you two brothers .	0
alone , please , carol ?	alone , carol .	1
furthermore , for calculating the transfer value , the expected losses in the baseline scenario of the st as used as a reference .	in addition , as the reference value of the expected loss in the world bank base scenario was used in the calculation of the conversion value .	1
`` shall i reach it ?	`` i 'll be there ?	1
end-user	end user	1
dark-coloured sugar syrups were poured into conical moulds and then dried .	these concentrations of the test chemical provide information about the behaviour / distribution of the test chemical in the water-sediment system .	0
i 'm telling you , mike is nowhere to be found .	i 'm telling you , mike 's not available .	1
the number of missing persons in the isolated resort town of stone cove stands at 1 3 .	the number of missing persons in the isolated recreation town of stone cove has stopped at 13 .	1
42 moreover , none of the article numbers which are identifiable on the photographs corresponds to the article numbers on the invoices provided by the intervener .	i found something significant in the castle 's castle .	0
she probably knows my dad told me they 're dating , and i do n't want it to be weird .	i could take this from you .	0
good food thrown on the deck .	does anyone speak spanish ?	0
left the palace one day .	`` why would i do that ? ''	0
sorry to sound demanding , but i 'm convinced this is a solution ... that will best serve all parties involved .	i 'm sorry to say so , but i 'm convinced it 's a solution best served by all interested parties .	1
at this rate , we'il have to head home inside 1 0 hours .	nice to meet you .	0
bigger .	something bigger .	1
i mean , we have a secret here , right ?	this is our secret , right ?	1
once gensler was asleep , we were going to bring him to the restaurant and switch the cases .	as someone who has seen the light of the world on a cold and rocky place , i feel like this is paradise .	0
it 's gon na work , just shut up .	bye-bye to la vega no !	0
i 'm amazed that someone who has been in politics this long takes all the petty stuff so personally .	i 'm impressed that anyone in politics has been in politics for so long , taking it all so personally .	1
after only a few minutes , james found himself enjoying the company of this young woman from kesh .	why do you want to dress in the hallway ?	0
well , then let 's talk .	at the beginning of the river ?	0
`` the country is corrupt .	weird weather .	0
why do you think i blew up your condo ? what ?	lost , sir ?	0
do you see it ?	blake , you should be back downstairs .	0
you little slut .	it 's a problem with an ear .	0
i go to the pub first . - i could wait outside .	i 'll wait outside .	1
i 'm going to sit alone and cool off .	i sit somewhere else to calm down .	1
yeah , i 'm fine .	no , i 'm fine .	1
your feet were not the issue , dear .	`` it would be enough if you took one night off . ''	0
i 'll tell her straight , my lord .	i suggest we bring back the automaker here , and offer children a healthy choice .	0
i 've already told you that you 'd clip your fingernails regularly .	magnitude 7.62 caliber .	0
this is the studio security footage from three hours ago .	thank you .	0
my dear , i do n't think there 's time to start clipping roses now .	`` put your lost head here and give it a rest .	0
'well , we insulted each other .	`` well , we have offended each other .	1
did n't you do something about it ? ''	why did n't you do something about it ?	1
get him out ! let 's go !	pull him out !	1
that 's fascinating , ben , really ,	that 's amazing , ben , really .	1
'you can buy me popcorn , too . '	the fact that the project did not produce these effects does not affect that assessment .	0
she is an illegal alien .	he 's an illegal immigrant .	1
full process	i did n't know that food could be this pleasant .	0
four three two ... one zero !	is miles really as transparent and simple as anyone can play him ?	0
uh , yeah , like i 'm gon na let you put hot stones all over my body , you pervert .	yeah , it 's like i let you get me some hot rocks .	1
he dismounted and saw that by a bush , her corpse wedged beneath the jutting roots of an old oak , lay sharazad .	the committee agrees with the lifting of the above threshold and considers that this will lead to more proposals in this area .	0
he'il probably find you .	guys , this may be our last ring .	0
they went rogue .	i 'm your driver .	0
i can think straight again . my mind is clear once more .	i can clearly think again . my sanity came back .	1
mrs gavrik , some ladies from the women 's institute are here .	mrs. gavrik , this is the ladies ' union .	1
it 'll all be resolved if we meet the deadline .	everything will be sorted out if we keep the term .	1
all right , brian , we 're getting my candy back , and here 's how it 's gon na go down :	all right , brian , we 'll get the candy back , and i 'll tell you how .	1
like , bud and ecstasy and , like ... .	i have to go to london and negotiate .	0
his eyes were filled with tears .	his eyes filled with tears as he spoke softly .	1
do you want to take a midnight swim ?	do you want to go for a swim ?	1
claire always gets hooked up with the richest men .	claire always picks up the richest man .	1
tonight ... i will duel her once more .	tonight ... ... i 'll fight her again .	1
with white port wine vintage 1864 , roast beef with artichoke hearts , mushrooms , rémoulade sauce .	you treat something like it 's not human .	0
`` thru ' caverns measureless to man ''	`` through the cavernous portholes ... ''	1
this kid has been kidnapped -no , he has n't .	this little boy was kidnapped .	1
reconnaissance . why ?	why ?	1
bad news is , only one half of one percent of the population	it was colonel redfield 's idea of making his troops more formidable .	0
the next song about druss the legend will have us in it .	the next song about druss the great will be about us .	1
`` she is really gay .	`` she 's a lesbian .	1
i would n't buy a brothel because i thought the whores could do more tricks to the hour .	you see this ?	0
the rev 's been talking a long time .	the reverend only spoke for a long time .	1
‘ no frills ’ airlines answer from the commission ( 4 january 2005 )	i wo n't be needing them , gerald .	0
“ the fleet be leaving tomorrow , dirk .	i 'll tell you the truth .	0
well , carmen , it was so nice to meet you . thank you for everything .	you did n't break up with me .	0
at the same time bison threw his weight against the wheel and the wagon bumped over the rock .	at the same time , bbison was braced for the wheel and a rock skipped over the rock .	1
will you sell anything that 's not gross ?	did you ever see a goat with a cut-throat throat ?	0
it 's gon na take forever to find weyland 's booth .	finding weyland 's stall will take forever .	1
but pedersen was n't stupid .	pedersen was no fool .	1
home	home offer	1
a lot of idiots you are ... ... selling your birthrightfor a saucer of cold porridge .	you 're a bunch of idiots ... who sold birth rights for a little cold mush .	1
well , if ... -there 's anything i can do .	i wander the country alone .	0
vaska was still ordering away on the buttons and my credit balance , displayed in large numbers on the wall , was rolling rapidly backwards .	vaska was still ordering as a minute , and my credit balance was rapidly decreasing over the door .	1
we 're not looking for a way out . miss evangelista .	we 're not looking for a way out .	1
we wo n't raise a dime !	son of a bitch !	0
four years later , i woke up : what have i done ?	| | 0 90 other authorities	0
well , the eyes take in information and then it passes that information off to the brain .	i guess you 're right .	0
yeah . you got ta stay right here , ok ?	space ?	0
it 's not me you want !	i 'm not the one you want .	1
but ml5 went over everything and they found nothing .	you should probably .	0
orders shall only reference the price referred to in point ( b ) outside the continuous trading phase of the relevant trading session .	the reference prices referred to in point ( b ) refer only to the non-continuous trading phase of the relevant stock market .	1
tessa , grab my stick ! grab my stick !	she 's learning much more than i ever did .	0
it ’ s old , very heavy .	well , henry and i are kind of ...	0
excuse me . fifteen minutes , people .	fifteen minutes , guys .	1
oh , come on , diana , at least try it .	come on , diana , give it a try .	1
if you give me mahone , i 'll give you your life back .	if you do , you 'll get your life back .	1
using the menus	using menu	1
show me the money , then , know what i 'm saying ?	then show me the money , okay ?	1
she lives in that yellow house on steven street .	he lives in that yellow house on stevens ' house .	1
get the fuck off him , now !	get him out of here right now !	1
and of course its planet ariel orbited farther out from the triad than did avalon .	and , of course , the planet ariel orbited much farther from the center of triad than avalon was .	1
you are exceptional .	i 'm ready to go home and put everything in order .	0
fales and mabry ducked into the hole the crashing helicopter had knocked in the south wall of the alley .	fales and mabry hid in a hole dug up by a helicopter in the southern wall of an alleyway .	1
jesus christ , she 's gone rogue !	it 's like the old michelangelo 's dream ...	0
in my line of work , most of the time you lose your life .	in my business , you mostly lose your life .	1
it is a fearful truth .	maybe it 's a mutation , but i do n't win a fight when someone shot a laser in my face !	0
you mean like someone 's on my back ?	like i have someone on my back ?	1
hi , i 'm bobby .	i 'm bobby .	1
it was about 30 years ago . a crash on the underground .	i 'm gon na go home and change .	0
with your height and your girth you deceived us .	what are my options ?	0
if i die here or on the moon , it do n't really make a whole lot of difference .	a bit of a scene from alien , when the thing fired from john hurt ?	0
the curtains were drawn in the back windows .	i do n't know .	0
lor had even less enthusiasm for placing herself and our ship under the command of a stranger .	lor had even less joy to hand over the ship 's command to a stranger .	1
fuck him from a helicopter .	get him the hell out of the helicopter .	1
over the years , does he ask how it 's going	a sedative .	0
`` the word 's out to find you , anita , '' dave said .	`` they say we 're supposed to find you , anita , '' dave said .	1
you got ta shut up ! i did n't kill her , dode .	like when i told my wife to pick the color in the living room .	0
`` oh jolly japes with pc louise on the street . ''	`` oh happy street stories with officer louise . ''	1
she learned how to speak to the living ones ; to understand their overshadowed existences ; to comprehend their obsessed need to obey .	steven honell could n't tell him where harrison lived , and he had a quick look in the phone book to find that they were n't even there .	0
there are two women being tortured right now .	they torture the two women .	1
she 's a political refugee .	the poison they found in her body was from an unusually rare spider from southern america called ...	0
the occasion	it 's your sweaty features , they 're picking up well , my friend .	0
let 's wait then . that 's a joke .	no , you fucking coward !	0
will you like to have one ?	you put the butter and sugar in first .	0
let 's get that cleaned up .	let 's clean this place up .	1
grade 8 when i entered the phase skateboard .	in 8th grade when i was going through my skater phase .	1
ste ! come on .	okay , i 'm at the stop number 4 of our journey after the boston real estate of alexander mota .	0
i was just wondering ...	i wanted to ask ...	1
did you go down ?	the sensation died as quickly as he began , and the water seemed to be suddenly thickening .	0
just let her meet me . i will win your daughter .	`` he has connections .	0
so in this situation , there 's really no reason for me to continue living like the way i am , at least financially .	i really have no reason to continue to live in this way at least not financially .	1
i 'm a lawyerand i 'm offering to take your case .	he added the jew and unlocked the drawer with a trembling hand .	0
turning into the parking area , he drew up beside a streamlined pearl-gray ground-effect vehicle .	he pulled into the parking lot and built the car next to an aerodynamic-built pearl-gray vehicle .	1
insurance man come , bag of dollars ... you go home .	i have relatives in kladas , who expect to be sent for them .	0
i knew you 'd have called it off if i told you .	there 's a lot of things in the world that make us nervous .	0
looks like the nation 's gon na keep on flying . lucy 's spending saturday night at a friend 's house .	and there 's a bonus of 25o , 25o ... ... for singing .	0
a professional benefiting from the derogation referred to in paragraph 2 shall operate only in member states which have made use of that derogation .	professional users covered by the exemption referred to in paragraph 2 may only operate in the member states applying this exemption .	1
what is he doing ?	modified	0
does n't have to make sense , just follow it .	oh , shit .	0
their civilisation has technologically regressed .	their civilization is rising technologically .	1
there are a lot of moving pieces , and this is the only way i can sell it .	did he suffer from depression ?	0
i found this over in the abandoned section .	i found this in an abandoned wing .	1
we had a class together .	we had an object together .	1
shall i argue with you while he dies ?	and you , núri , will end up in the woods , running a nude hooker .	0
our line chef .	our next chef .	1
oh !	i see your new beginning .	0
this business is full of them .	the most vile mutiny .	0
money ca n't buy what i want for bonnie .	money does n't buy bonnie everything .	1
so who else have you handled besides lou ?	who else do you represent besides lou ?	1
of course he does .	you promise not to fall ?	0
all we need is warehouse space .	a pretty , young woman who 's gon na claw him out .	0
okay , guys , who the hell do we profile -- jekyil or hyde ?	who the hell are we profiling ... ... jekyil or hyde ?	1
they never open .	it might have been 'brown ' , but how do you explain it to krakovitch ?	0
i ’ m really glad we did this .	i 'm really glad we 're here .	1
he 'd sit on one side , 100 feet away , and i 'd sit on the other side .	you belong in a bar , you silly goose !	0
so do you totally identify with this book too ?	you see yourself in that book too ?	1
i ’ d like to keep damien here for a couple of days , to run some tests .	economies seem to be on a downward path .	0
i said , ' come back tomorrow ! '	i said , `` come tomorrow ! '' ``	1
the inspector carrying out the on-the-spot check shall be informed accordingly prior to the commencement of the on-the-spot check .	the supervisor in charge of carrying out the on-the-spot checks shall be duly instructed prior to the inspection .	1
there 's another possibility .	there 's one more option .	1
but let 's not pretend it 's not self-serving .	the fbi is sure to blame you for the same thing in dallas .	0
( gasps ) i thought it was gon na rain .	according to the russian system , responsible for the signature of the result `` referendums . ''	0
all right , let 's get him up on the gurney .	my cousin alejandro .	0
i better get rid of it .	i 'll get rid of him .	1
oh , buckbeak	buckbeak .	1
jesus , i am trying to find out ... this is ridiculous . ... what caused one of the worst murders in the history of nome .	i want to find out what caused the worst murder in nome history .	1
who wants to hang out with a house full of geeks ?	the use of state aid or complementary payments for that type of measure would be subject to the relevant community competition rules .	0
animal , i 'd guess .	i 'd say animal .	1
then he turned the card over and signed the blank side , writing in letters that struck her as comically large .	- reduce albanian law in relation to slander with eu standards and implement them .	0
and everything will change from here on	% d minute	0
you'il see that on sunday .	you 'll see sunday .	1
have l-l-i ...	will had bad luck being taught only seven months .	0
medicalemergency , deck nine , section four .	medical alert , deck nine , section four .	1
yes . it 's the crown and this that probably ...	the contents of the syringe should be shaken vigorously to create a homogeneous , colourless white suspension .	0
he slid to a squeaking halt , the heels one inch from the concrete floor downstairs .	i have a present .	0
i made love to sebastian .	the thing is , it 's useless to be sorry .	0
'like a vein of copper .	like a copper vein .	1
there 's no way , love , not as long as the mean density of strikes is constant .	it 's short .	0
well , i never had the schooling , that 's why not .	( a ) the applicability of the german-polish convention of 1975 35 .	0
yeah , everybody except that girl annie .	yes , everyone except annie , our cook .	1
and i was thinking , life is short .	`` well , you did n't ask me if you could get out there , you asked how someone like me could do it . ''	0
right , bartlett , i 'm putting you in another cell , follow me .	ok , bartlete , i 'll put you in another cell .	1
so ... if you are innocent , i 'll have to get back and re-interview everyone who testified at your trial .	it is equally impossible to find out what is happening inside me , despite what we would like to believe .	0
i worried about the change in her face , but the tests imply she 's holding up well .	it 's nice to know that people will stay together , no matter what , do n't they ?	0
for expenditure , the court examines payment transactions when expenditure has been incurred , recorded and accepted .	come with me . i want to show you something .	0
'why should you fight for us at all ? '	and frankly , she 's not that beautiful .	0
she felt disgust and stared longer .	she felt disgust and followed him .	1
as a high share of co2 emissions occur in cities , the resource-efficiency of cities should be further enhanced .	since co2 is a high share of co2 emissions , resource efficiency in cities should further strengthen .	1
`` oscar , he would eagerly have sent you thirty . . . if you had hinted that you felt heroic enough to attempt it .	`` oscar , he would have sent you thirty ... if you 'd only hinted that you were brave enough to try .	1
have fun shopping .	`` or the protectors , '' l'oric added .	0
once diluted , the medicinal product must be used immediately as the formulation does not contain a preservative .	after dilution , the product must be consumed immediately , since the preparation does not contain a preservative .	1
we 're getting ready to leave right now .	we 're just getting ready .	1
well let see if you can make everyone proud .	that 's a serious accusation , mr. hornblower , but how can i trust you with no evidence to support it ?	0
these determinations of test substance concentration inform about the behaviour/partitioning of the test substance in the water-sediment system .	do you own this farm ?	0
in 1854 , he began to attend the	in 1854 , it began to occur	1
besides , look how beautiful it is .	in a regular rhythm , the drums beat , and the soldiers sang along , their boots beating , and the iron dazzle and wooden handles clanged repeatedly .	0
do you remember the fricking mess you were when you came to me ?	do you remember when you were in terrible shape when you came to my house ?	1
i owe you one , man .	i owe you .	1
baslim got to hands and knee , started away .	please give me two minutes !	0
( be honest , girl , you 're fat all over . )	i bow once again to the sail ; i push myself into a blanket and fall into a deep sleep .	0
one of those bio-tech chips we confiscated off cheshire . aqualad :	you made a u-turn at the university , and worse , you 're ... i ca n't tell what the other thing is .	0
the poor pay taxes , not the rich .	only the poor have got to pay their taxes , not us !	1
“ you could have fooled me , ” chet said .	'you almost fooled me , 'chet said .	1
i had a family ...	years ago ... i had a family .	1
it 's not due until you leave .	there 's no need until you leave .	1
he 's claustrophobic , paranoid , depressive , got a couple of recorded attempts of suicide .	he suffers from claustrophobia , paranoia , depression , and has a few records of suicide attempts .	1
my son having to leave his friends . my wife and i spending money we do n't have on private school 'cause of your son .	the united states of america .	0
yes . are you going to the police ?	you do n't want to go to the police ?	1
they 're my friends -- they 're a bunch of not very bright bitches who ought to mind their own goddamn business !	what does he think about the band ?	0
uh , well ... good-bye .	because he 's just there .	0
it will be nice there .	and the other boys are either married or have a record , so nobody helped me .	0
can you do dishes ?	can you wash the dishes ?	1
i 'll talk to you in the morning .	we 'll call you in the morning .	1
how terribly naive ...	how painfully naive .	1
all she wants is some human contact , to hang out with us on the occasional weekend , maybe a holiday or two .	all he wants is human contact - so that she can spend time with us on weekends , - or holidays .	1
that 's why i do n't ask .	did you ever notice how people criticize only others because they fear what they see .	0
i have a sympathy for complex systems .	it has been identified with high potential for long-distance traffic .	0
is this my future ?	they want to destroy us .	0
`` well , what are the great movies he made ? ''	what great films did he make ?	1
it 's been 6 hours , the poison has had time to take effect . we can stop .	six hours passed , the poisoning 's done , so we can end it .	1
i use gloves .	from the neck to the groin .	0
you know what he is ? just a false beard , false teeth -	there 's nothing more than rotten beard , false teeth ...	1
`` we need some more players around here .	`` we need more players .	1
without a feather left unchanged .	without a single pen .	1
second , you do n't back out on the brotherhood .	chief , director vance called in on a one-time phone .	0
mp3 audio file ( mp3 )	not too deep .	0
guerrero taking home lobsters to boil alive ...	guerrero takes lobsters to cook them alive .	1
it 's about vengeance for the innocents who died by his sword . ... and mine .	it 's about the revenge of thousands of people who died by his hand and mine .	1
let 's discuss whatever 's on your mind .	if his story 's confession , then he 's confessing	0
matthew 7:7. that was the key .	part of tommy was supposed to be singing .	0
better luck next year .	may he give you more luck in a year .	1
can i come up ?	the opening led to a dark room .	0
okay , what if he punished you ?	what if he wanted to punish you ?	1
standard view , with expanded recurring events .	i was also in great pain from another rope , which i had wrapped around my waist , and that tightened to the point .	0
what the hell is happening ?	what 's going on , mom ?	0
and listenif you are ever in new york ...	and listen , if you ever show up in new york ...	1
wade , here .	`` yes , now .	0
if you do not want this marriage ... ... choose the path of the 'khulla ' and absolve yourself from this marriage .	the presence of the flag state and the flag state shall remain informed of any initiating procedures and penalties imposed .	0
if we start letting them tell us what to do we lose control in our own household .	he 's in pursuit of a suspect in an assassination plot in a stolen fbi vehicle south of front de diamond .	0
kenneth , oh , it 's marvellous to see you !	you 'll never come back here .	0
shifting summer winds carried the traeki 's scent message all over the slope-a call from chorsh to all qualified ring stacks .	because there 's nothing to go back to .	0
i 'm not that great at things like this .	they lie to you who ...	0
because you were priscilla ’ s oldest friend , and formerly her closest one .	because you were priscilla 's oldest and your most trusted friend .	1
and braddock is down !	braddock is going down !	1
`` as in primary gold repository ? ''	you 're talking in your sleep .	0
now , greg , when we talk about how important it is to recycle , we do n't mean turning in your brother 's old papers .	greg , speaking of how important recycling is , we do n't mean recycling your own brother 's job .	1
i see here that richard persson comes up again later on ... ... in the report on your brother 's disappearance .	i know we said nothing , but i have to say i 'm proud of you .	0
but she has a point , too .	but she 's right too .	1
jair shivered ; remembering his encounter at shady vale and the invisible presence , just beyond the wall .	jair shivered , remembering his encounter in the old mine , and the invisible presence behind the wall .	1
we 're gon na take a class trip tonight .	we 're going on a school trip today .	1
`` damn hatani tricks , '' ellud said after a moment .	the growing daylight did not remove the thing , which began to shape itself among its flying tendrils .	0
yes tyr , i know , you would have preferred erik as a dictator .	i know he would have preferred erek as a dictator .	1
come on , just roll over .	in such a case , the notion of an investment pension includes that source of revenue when it exists .	0
as one born in a cold stony place , i think it looks like paradise .	mr maccready and his wife were from ireland .	0
look , when you 're threading the line ... a lot of people do n't know this ... but you want to use a barrel knot .	not very well .	0
they just found another body ! that means a fifth copycat killer is on the loose !	they found another body , that 's the fifth copycat !	1
this is the final piece of the rompecabezas for munoz .	this is the last piece of the puzzle for the muñez .	1
hutberg , kommen !	hutberg , come !	1
yeah , yeah , yeah . shut up and listen , all right ?	i thought you knew my wife !	0
'now you 've done it , ' said the lecturer in recent runes .	you did n't let me down , flap .	0
i have no idea to this day what those two italian ladies were singing about .	ca n't you see i 'm eating pizza ?	0
its capacity is 110 persons and is also convenient for various social events thanks to its built in dance floor .	his capacity is 110 people and , even thanks to the built-in dance floor , he is extremely fit for all sorts of social events .	1
the markings are sound waves .	the characters are sound waves .	1
a minimalist family room ?	a minimalist living room ?	1
what are you waiting for ? do it . do it .	what are you waiting for ?	1
she said she 's working on the details and we 'll have a report at 1400. adama :	ca n't anyone get dressed all by themselves ?	0
space , adaptability .	the place , the adaptability !	1
you scratched your poison oak rash , and my colleagues tell me that only grows in one place	you scratched your rash rash , and my colleagues told me they were the only ones growing on the spot ,	1
`` what was he trying to say ?	what was he trying to tell her ?	1
i came here last night and i put a bomb under the bima .	i was here yesterday and i put a bomb under the bomb .	1
they 're my inspiration , my muses .	although they are all dead , they surely would not be demanding the satisfaction of his torture .	0
i bet you she is going out right now , getting laid by every tom , dick , and harry she can get her filthy hands on .	i 'll bet you that she 's on her way out to be sacked by every tom , dick and harry with his filthy hands on him .	1
sigismund gelenius	this is simply switching inputs .	0
does it help ?	i never thought about it .	0
you ca n't throw me out , i 'm your boyfriend !	you ca n't fire me , i 'm your boy .	1
he rested his hands on the hilts of his sheathed scimitars and stepped through the doorway .	he put his hands on the hilt of his scimitars and stepped through the veils .	1
so this afternoon , he was going to give `` em a new reason .	you do n't have to worry about replacement clothing , because marlowe packed your travel bag .	0
two days from this day we start up the machine .	in two days from now , the machine will be launched .	1
it was like being famous ... ... in the early '90s .	it was like being famous in the early 90 years .	1
now is n't that what you want ?	there are hundreds of them .	0
it seems to follow that within the eu , the averages should be for nuts 2 areas or for a more fine-grained level .	it follows that , within the eu , average values should be applied to nuts 2 areas or for even more detailed levels .	1
... got something better to do than talk to you ..	no , please do n't .	0
and now , i have told no one this but each time i pee , there is blood .	and now , i never told anyone , but every time i urinate , i see blood .	1
then we could get the richest people to come .	your wife comes from a rich family , right ?	0
but he has to use the ingredient chacha dislikes the most .	but he must use the ingredients that chacha most hates .	1
you 're what ?	what are you gon na do ?	1
like `` the ninja report '' ?	you ca n't call it acutely , like , `` ninja report '' ?	1
and then he laughed and caught her in a rough bear hug .	funny glasses ...	0
now give us a kiss .	give me a kiss .	1
what is it ? i just got this feeling like something really bad is about to happen .	it was too late .	0
he removed the oxygen tent so he could really see her .	expenditure checks shall be carried out by comparing the commitments and payments received .	0
shit !	i normally like to walk among the stalls , but tonight , with hundreds by the side , i was too excited to concentrate on the goods offered .	0
think about the chilling effect it does have on countries that do n't have a right to privacy .	are we going to call this information ?	0
freedom is n't free at all .	freedom is beyond everything .	1
guys , come on , sorry .	and then he asked me if he could play .	0
if only he could drop the bombs before the tracer bullets struck .	if only he could have dropped the bombs before he was hit by a phosphorus shot !	1
my name is alden kupferberg . - robbie feinberg .	she was not trying to lessen her behavior or any way to hide the affair .	0
your fancy tongue with these boys ' sisters is about to get you hung .	your art of language with the sisters of these boys is what put you on the gallows .	1
if i can stay lucid for an hour after school tuesdays and thursdays , you 've got a bright future .	if i can be on tuesday and thursday at your senses an hour after you get back from school , you 'll have a bright future .	1
argh , that punk ! !	argh , son of a bitch !	1
her hand went inside her robe ... and vasagi , bobbing wildly and gesticulating like a madman , finally held up a quivering hand .	and vasagi , who had only been bouncing wildly and gesturing like a madman , finally lifted a trembling hand .	1
and now , if you do n't play music with rocks in this time , we 're dead . '	well , i think that 's how it goes in the family .	0
did n't you at least feel the car move ?	unfortunately , we have to convince everyone that this is the best option .	0
i was trying to be helpful .	i tried to help .	1
lightweight rockets for about 30 seconds ...	you get enough pressure from a light missile for about 30 seconds ...	1
i had a fantasy that you took that bad picture hoping that i 'd come back .	i imagined you took this awful picture of me to come back .	1
water is for closers .	it 's a curse box .	0
confronting them effectively will require root-and-branch change in order to inspire russian security officials to take the initiative .	dogs have a better smell . you 're so much of an ass , you 're like the back lights for us .	0
is there some reason why i should n't be calm ?	proof that he 's alive ?	0
how doyou suppose he became trapped in the wind tunnel ?	that 's admiral greer 's idea .	0
( breathes deeply ) - this is my wife rachel .	this is my wife , rachel .	1
take a hike , blondie . i do n't need you anymore .	do you really think tessa is telling the truth ?	0
mr. marlowe , the lights in your car are on . - yeah .	mr. marlowe , you left the lights on in the car .	1
where did you get those from ?	that was one of the points benjamin the great placed in the constitution to emphasize the prerogative of the sword .	0
do n't leave me ! i 'm stuck in here !	do n't leave me !	1
the room down the hall .	the room below .	1
everything'il be fine !	the floor of these great machines , on two flat gravity bogies , hovered about the size of his chest .	0
`` citizen angelique montmagny ? ''	this field is full of them .	0
manufacturer ( s ) of the biological active substance ( s ) and manufacturing authorisation holder ( s ) responsible for batch release	a. manufacturer of the biological active substance ( s )	1
i 've been doing a decent job . but i do n't think there 's anything wrong with having some fries every now and again .	i do a decent job , but i do n't think there 's anything wrong with getting fries there .	1
i ca n't tell you everything , 'cause it 's kind of a tricky job , but we 're stealing a lowrider .	were you on the phone with them ?	0
the family 's ditched you .	the family kicked you off .	1
no , i had to get a ride that morning with a maniac who believed in controlled starvation for the sake of health .	i 've really decided it 's going to hurt you a lot .	0
did you guys work on choreography or anything ?	did you work on choreography and stuff like that ?	1
excuse me . yale chuck bass***	excuse me .	1
for the most part , especially during summer , when people show up ... ... this is what they get . they close the door .	and while i 'm waiting , i 'll print out a list of all the places she used to use the card .	0
to see what kind of music she likes , so i could serenade her with one at a karaoke bar after dinner .	take it easy , mom .	0
within a year , she got sick .	area 1.2.2 : projects of literary translations ( for up to 24 months )	0
he stood up and stretched in the sunshine .	it 's you , too .	0
matt found himself staring straight at the zenith , watching a dwindling artificial sun , almost as dazzling as sol himself .	matt found himself staring directly into the zenith , following the gradually diminishing artificial sun that blinded him almost as much as the real thing .	1
save & exit indexing — saves the changes on the current batch and closes the index window .	i do n't want to eat my whole life .	0
because i could be gone for a year , and if the show is successful i could be gone for five .	the first , basic , which has no specific agenda , forms the masses to support a possible coup .	0
huge day at work today , and i do n't know why i told ruxin i 'd pick him up and drive him to the airport .	i do n't know why ruxin told me to pick him up at the airport .	1
and forget these perky clubs .	anyway , this is your wife , right ?	0
if people are able to migrate , they will move to jurisdictions with the mix of taxes and services ( e.g. , quality schools ) that they prefer .	if people are allowed to migrate , they will be moved to jurisdictions with a mixture of tax and quality schools , which are more suited to them .	1
accofil , which contains the active substance filgrastim , is a ‘ biosimilar medicine ’ .	well , if judge ryan 's girl wants to sink , you got ammunition .	0
i 'm going to pose as someone who has recently inherited it , and has no idea of what its worth .	no , not now .	0
instead , it substituted its own grounds in that regard for those of the contested decision .	by contrast , in that regard , it replaced the reasoning of the contested decision by its own ground of reasoning .	1
umm , i 'm a little cramped .	all he was doing was forcing himself to work without any sense of accomplishment .	0
i 'm not going to shoot anyone . i promise .	is that what we said , precious ?	0
you did have a closing date on christmas .	you 've had your last term at christmas .	1
might it be him who discovered a new source of vrax ?	maybe it was him who found the new killer 's new source ?	1
why do n't you go find yourself a pig to fuck ? yeah !	dear beryl .	0
subsequent tranches of the loan are released , once the eu council has assessed the member state 's compliance with the programme conditionality .	the subsequent tranche of the loan is released once the eu council assesses how the state concerned fulfils the conditions of the programme .	1
here , your favorite wine .	but there 's something about becoming vegan and not eating meat .	0
the bullet entered his forehead and the exit wound blew out the back of his skull .	what do they do ?	0
let me guess , you guys finally kissed and only one of you loved it .	how are you ?	0
coffee ?	even a country that belongs to georgia .	0
it looked as though malfoy would have to rely on nothing but talent to win the bottle of felix felicis .	it looked as if malfoy wanted nothing more than to win a bottle of felix felicis .	1
tracy : i do n't know what to believe .	i do n't know what to believe .	1
take a breath . calm down .	why do n't you let me go down the stairs or something .	0
how 'bout a pastor named haddem ?	what about pastor haddem ?	1
they appreciate me at least .	at least they respect me .	1
now , i 've always said that god can kiss my ass . but i just changed my lifetime tune about 30 minutes ago .	when are you going home ?	0
roman : remember the storm in cancún ?	do you remember the storm in cancun ?	1
what an asshole . $ 7,300 , for a consultant to tell us that this is the perfect amount of scuffing .	he 's an idiot . $ 7300 to tell us this is a completely fucked-up boot .	1
his hand passed through the door as if through a cold fog .	when it began to dawn , he was so hoarse he could have sent barely a few words .	0
the reptiles charged again .	easy , hannah .	0
however , on thatjourney the pope did not visit the press section again .	however , he never visited the press section during the trip .	1
pray to your personal god this hunk of junk flies .	flight lights flashed on the snowmobiles .	0
yeah , baby .	yeah , girl .	1
i remember what it was like after my mother died .	i had the same thing when my mother died .	1
following the adoption of regulation ( ec ) no 298/2009 the carrier was visited by the ec team of experts on 27 may 2009 .	following the adoption of regulation ( ec ) no 298 / 2009 , the ec expert panel carried out an investigation into that carrier on 27 may 2009 .	1
when there is a foreseeable high risk due to lightning or where overhead supply networks are predominant , the metrological characteristics of the meter shall be protected .	where there is a danger of a frequent occurrence of lightning , or where above-ground electrical conductors prevail , the metrological characteristics of the meter must be protected .	1
gator : eat hearty , men .	he had never had such a valuable addition , he was grateful to the forces of hell for providing him .	0
marshal , you have a son studying engineering , right ?	your son studies construction , right ?	1
i could n't find a trace of equality	i could n't find a trace of	1
i knew you 'd see reason !	together .	0
maybe someone else did it to make it look like the mexicans did it .	maybe it was someone else who threw it at the mexicans .	1
and then i found this .	that the woman boasted about it .	0
i wo n't do this . - that 's right .	i have n't fed them yet .	0
ok i go first . let 's see .	all right , i 'll go first .	1
i have something he wants .	and i 'm giving it back to you right now .	0
of all the praises i sing of our existence , you must understand this ...	of all the praise i return to our existence , you must understand this ...	1
apart from axonite copying molecules .	`` what do you want me to do ? ''	0
little lark and chen qi both saw the same thing : the gun was fully loaded	but ... hold someone like dark in bondage ?	0
this thing 's been kicked up by two months and all eyes are on it .	lou , will you come home ?	0
is this toilet paper from your store ?	it was the rest of the guard who had been kept in place , where the road from anórien and rohan was flowing into the mix .	0
it was an old bob hope number , actually .	you want to tell me you stood up for him ?	0
i do n't have that , i do n't hear voices .	so ... where were we ?	0
uh ... no , you 're right . i should n't .	but it costs $ 50 . $ 50 for a hot licence ?	0
a follow-up strategy was established .	subsequently , a strategy has been developed .	1
could not abort synchronization .	did you do favors for him ?	0
oh . so , he 's not a total asshole ?	so he 's not a complete douchebag ?	1
our world 's clock now beats to the rhythm ... of these indefatigable machines ... tapping into the pocket of sunlight .	the clock of our world is ticking in the rhythm of mining machines rafting the supply of sunshine .	1
yeah , you'il probably see that i was a project manager .	i 'll tell you what 's going to change .	0
what , you think last week was a joke ?	you think it was an ass last week ?	1
hey , bitch !	you son of a bitch !	1
i 'll see you soon .	winsl . et al , if specific requirements to be met , should be adjusted to reflect the existing organism 's expansion .	0
i 'm telling you now . - no .	i 'm telling you now .	1
so you 're a homosexualhopelessly in love with catcher block .	you 're a homosexual in love with catcher blocka .	1
it will encourage the responsible and sustainable exploitation of the resources to the mutual benefit of the community and fsm .	it will also promote responsible and sustainable use of fishery resources , both for the community and for the fsm .	1
filter enterprise resources	enterprise filter filtering	1
either way , my fear is somebody 's trying to make a statement and byrne is just the beginning .	to forget the dreadful fear , he began to think about what might have happened , as they might have found themselves in such a predicament .	0
right here for you , buddy .	sending and receiving e-mails • account settings	0
as much as i appreciate the , uh , razzmatazz , i 'm going with eeny , meeny , miny , you .	( b ) if the purpose of the amendment is to offset the risk of an increase in the price against which the economic operator has ensured .	0
if i get him to you , can you get him to talk ?	and he would be absolutely right .	0
william rossner .	william rothman .	1
my intention was to create an army to wipe out the other wraith , but i was betrayed by one of my crew .	who will come and kill them all ?	0
but if barton is embarking on a cure , i want to know what it is because ...	but if barton chose to treat him , i want to know what kind of treatment he 's going to , because ...	1
'there must be another way down , ' said mace .	chinese triads now have half a million members in more than a hundred countries .	0
continue , jackson .	go on , jackson .	1
what ? kiss me .	i think lily foundry is ' it ' .	0
if i could continue ...	if i could go on ...	1
there 's an entire two pages at the back here .	there 's two sides in the back .	1
of the charge of unpremeditated murder ... ... sergeant e5 meserve is found guilty ... ... sentenced to 10 years ' hard labour .	sergeant meserve was found guilty of the crimes of rape and attempted murder and sentenced to 1 0 years of forced labour .	1
onrack 's blade was a midnight blur , flashing to kiss the creature 's thick , muscled neck - but the swing cut only dusty air .	onskin 's blade looked like a midnight smear , falling on the hound 's massive , muscular neck - but it cut through the air .	1
down the steps , little rosie . . . and pass not too close by me . '	i was gone .	0
i was crazy about her .	the commission may adopt this variant in the interests of compromise and in the light of the fact that both co-legislators are demanding it .	0
conditions for changing production/available seats offered 3.1 .	you know ... we have this from one daughter .	0
i 've always been real interested in wicca myself .	regional law no 17 / 1992 26 .	0
hey , come here	i wo n't shoot anyone .	0
selim dosed his eyes and murmured in a hypnotic rhythm , a call to shai-hulud .	list of leaders in south africa	0
that explains why there were four sets of prints in the maserati this morning .	that explains four sets of prints in today 's maserati .	1
51 bc cyprus placed under the rule of cleopatra by julius caesar .	cyprus is entrusted with the power of cleopatra julius caesar .	1
watch .	keep an eye out .	1
no idea where she went ?	do you have any idea where she went ?	1
why did buchalter draw his gun ?	prochbuchalter pulled out his gun ?	1
whose dumb idea was that ?	whose idea was this ?	1
`` it will feel real enough when it cuts out your heart . ''	murli , take me to the shipyard .	0
so tell me , how come you 're here ?	so tell me , why did you come ?	1
okay , i got it . i got it .	okay , okay , i get it .	1
for the first time in 20 years , we won the pennant !	for the first time in 20 years we 're champions .	1
it explains why , as you say , a terrestrial could enter spacetown , walk up to his victim , kill him , and walk away .	you 're lucky officer shaw gave us a ride .	0
that 's the story of the clamp premiere regency centre ... ... where one man 's dream became a reality .	this is the story of clamp 's first-class center , where one man 's dream came true .	1
we 're safe in the car .	i screwed up new york .	0
i read that ad and ithought it 'd be nice to meet a friend .	the way they `` see , '' i ca n't say , but whatever the authority they use , they effectively replace them .	0
first would be the suggestion that `` surely , commodore , you 've seen some very strange things during your years in space ? ''	maybe we do n't like him .	0
he 's with the counterterrorism people down there .	taking his money is n't nearly as bad as what he did to my father .	0
there seems to be no reason for giving , at eu level , a clear preference to either of these two solutions .	they say if you do n't have a clear choice , - it 's best to do nothing .	0
my name is electra . her name is electra , too .	my name 's elektra .	1
i do n't mean go through the city directory of course .	oh ...	0
meanwhile , where 's the money ?	where 's the money so far ?	1
would you have done anything differently ?	i have something better to do than talk to you .	0
i have n't slept in days , jakes .	are n't the people working ?	0
mr. copeland , there are a lotof ways to get on that list .	there 's a kiss !	0
i 'm just passionate , especially when it comes down to music .	we thought you were dead .	0
i 've never looked at it ...	i 've never looked at it like that .	1
he reached the end of the room , spun on his heel , and stalked up it again .	`` hell ''	0
now , you 've received your final notice and once that happens the bank can only give you till the end of the month .	from that point on , the bank can only give you until the end of the month .	1
before long , you 're in third place again .	you 'll be back in third place soon .	1
call now to order , only $ 49.95 .	otherwise i 'm michael .	0
i know !	i can see why you have a father-son relationship with him .	0
as squeaky turns , sushi k 's first rap song begins .	how do you live ?	0
did n't you play these men one against the other ... encouraging each in turn ?	i do n't want joe to die , i do n't want you to die , '	0
he was the sort of man whose response is only completely predictable when he is confronted with superior strength and authority .	she looked up from the grille , removing the cold of the cold .	0
why were the women and the boy present ?	easa overview of employees `` category and class 2005 ( allowed )	0
have fun at the club . - okay .	enjoy the club .	1
who could that be ? save for carl and her landlord , nobody knew she lived here .	have you noticed ? ``	0
we 're dealing with a sleeper cell , al .	it 's a dormant cell , al .	1
it 's an ironic party for nellie . ''	he refused to wear the sadness and next year held a celebration of bilba 's hundred 12th birthday , which he called the metcash festival .	0
her voice comforts me .	her voice reassures me .	1
by whose mathematical equation is this not feasible ?	for what mathematical equation is this intolerable ?	1
“ you asked advice about the corridors .	`` you asked for information about the corridors .	1
even on the splegel here , not , rainer ?	even in 'spiegel ' , eh , rainer ?	1
but the rations are short , very short—so short , doctor livesey , that we 're perhaps as well without that extra mouth . ''	hey , tv , will we be in the box ?	0
she 'd need -- she 'd need a typex machine .	it started with him going downhill .	0
your d.n.a . matched the heart we found .	your dna matched the heart we found .	1
and the rise of chicago to a global market ,	and ahead of chicago 's entry into the global market	1
the problem is , i happen to know my car pulls to the left .	`` in the last few dreams i 've seen her on the mountain slope as she tries to climb up .	0
composed primarily of acid salts of various aromatic nitrogen bases including pyridine , quinoline and their alkyl derivatives . )	are we done ?	0
man 2 : clear the deck .	the old licences remain intact and they have also been implemented , i.e . the contracts have already been met .	0
you run your finger up , and your clit 's right there .	whether one or the other , i doubt she earned physical abuse .	0
so do you fancy her ?	and what -- ?	0
gives allegro assai tempo indication	it 's just a process .	0
they wo n't let you near the wagon .	if you want to spare , turn it off .	0
back to school , is n't it ? thanks ever so .	as if the star simply came out of nowhere .	0
the old lidesci stepped back a pace , held nathan at arm 's length .	the old lidesci stepped back and held nathan from his body to arm .	1
yes , that 's the obvious answer , i suppose .	i heard he was taking it hard .	0
it 's very dramatic ... and i understand .	you took advantage of her and then dumped her .	0
remember that only recently have i lost already two deputies !	remember , we recently lost two of our deputies !	1
is that what 's known as a pregnant pause ?	you 're right , kosovo .	0
i have done as capt picard suggested .	mind if we come back , find out what 's going on ?	0
emi guidelines shall have no binding force ; they shall be submitted for decision to the ecb .	the general principles of the emi are not binding ; they will be presented to the ecb decision .	1
well , what do you say ?	who wants to sail on my boat ?	0
'sometimes people have to wait years to hear senor basilica '	`` sometimes people have to wait years before senor basilica hears - ''	1
yeah . excellent .	he recognizes the salad fork , so they made him a captain .	0
and joshua did . yes , something went awry .	cairbre 's speed was blinding , and errin felt a flood of panic rise in him .	0
but you were taking other stuff .	there were eight small guns on the main deck , four on each side , and the fighter was on the prow .	0
he got a job pitching in mexico , then tampa ,	he got a job pitchers in mexico , then tampa , you can deduce the rest .	1
shift from financial to operative leasing – consequences and impacts of the company life	let 's get a real reason .	0
how 's your eye ?	what about your eyes ?	1
um , why do n't you go off with luke and find maddie , and i 'll catch up with you , okay ?	why do n't you go see maddie and i 'll find you , okay ?	1
`` lad , can you control that monster ? ''	what was the conference with gordon ?	0
well , uh ... i do n't know .	i do n't know .	1
falling in love with someone .	from love to someone .	1
how long d'you think i 'd stay in operation if every time i pulled a job it cost me money ?	you mean you did n't bring the dog to the rest until last night ?	0
position of the plate in relation to the vertical longitudinal plane of the vehicle : 3.3.1 .	the table must be perpendicular to the longitudinal plane of the vehicle .	1
unable to query registry key % 1 .	querying registry key `` % 1 '' is not possible .	1
what 's that , lover ?	scans , cultures , diagrams .	0
i 'd call it a miracle . how about you ?	i 'd call it a miracle .	1
you 're looking for your man .	you 're looking for your husband .	1
like she knew i was watching .	it 's as if she knew i was looking .	1
and when you call burrell this time , will you forget my fucking name ?	and when you call burrell again , please leave my name .	1
i guess dick 's about home now .	i could go , yeah .	0
news anchor : general ramiz 's announcement is expected to be welcomed by many of the western leaders attending the world security summit in budapest .	the statement from general ramiz is expected to be received from many western officials , participating in the world security summit in budapest .	1
now , you know why they call me tank , do n't you , archy ?	you know why they call me tank , that ark ?	1
we 'll meetthis summer ... ... then we have page 80 here , in parenthesis too ...	you have to go for the battle !	0
277 . ( 2 ) oj c 208 , 3.9.2003 , p .	i 'm just trying to figure out where this relationship leads .	0
when you took out the transmooker , the island cloaking device was shut down .	when you took transmooker , the cloaking device turned off .	1
the russians have doubtless thought it over many times .	hey , i heard you had an exit with aceveda ?	0
what kind of business ?	what kind of shop ?	1
he 's a courier , parking tickets place him in the hot zone prior to two rapes .	parking tickets put him in a danger zone before committing two rapes .	1
look , i 'll let you two get on and chat , yeah ?	look , i 'll let you have a little chat , okay ?	1
i closed early so no one would come around .	it looked as if the motion sensors had stopped noticing when they fell asleep , and they automatically extinguished the lights .	0
really , you are ?	you know what i did , so i could come back to you ?	0
okay . all right , melissa . can you hear me ?	melissa , can you hear me ?	1
well , according to my calculations , based on time spent getting to and from the planet-	`` personal feelings are not conducive to politics , the judiciary , nor trade . ''	0
most men would find her stunning .	if you 're innocent , i 'll have to interview everyone who testified in court .	0
52 the method of treatment or use of a substance does not determine conclusively whether or not it is to be classified as waste .	'innocent and brave hunters of embruddock were surprised by yuli 's strategy .	0
what it some homophobic jogger kills us ... to get back at his father ?	what if he runs around running a homophobic and kills us just to deal with his father ?	1
how do we know he is n't one who disappeared ?	how do we know he 's not what 's gone ?	1
this past interview had driven him too much into himself .	he talks like a guy with balls in a vise .	0
centuries of enmity and fear will drive them .	these centuries of enmity and fear have taken hold .	1
`` do you think that celia austin spilled the ink over elizabeth johnston 's papers or do you think someone else did it ? '' `` someone else .	follow them .	0
just think a minute , alicia .	think about it for a second , alicia .	1
look , i do n't know any more than you do why they sent me .	look , i have no idea why they sent me .	1
you fly to rome in an hour .	i found him .	0
this was not what we discussed .	lythande had known him long , still from temple of the star .	0
but what great thing is it to be a man ?	but what is so great about being a man ?	1
but you should never lend anything that you actually expect to get back .	but never lend anything that you 'd like to return .	1
he lay upon his back , his face upturned , with his white teeth grinning through his short , black beard .	he was resting on his back , facing upward , and over a short black beard , he could see barged teeth .	1
this site is requesting to open a popup window to argument do you want to allow this ?	this page asks to open the pop-up window at argument .	1
finally , you have come back !	in the end , you came back !	1
these things you see ? no .	why did n't you email me yet ?	0
hey , anna ...	look , anna ...	1
clarke : the depot is supposed to be around here ... somewhere .	the warehouse should be in here somewhere .	1
outbound product catalog hdr .	`` ms. jackie , your brother wins the entire line today , '' he said .	0
why , then , should ordinary taxpayers foot the bill to bail out the financial industry ?	so why should ordinary taxpayers pay the bill for the financial sector bailout ?	1
chase , get urine from the catheter .	remove urine from the catheter .	1
could not create new email . % s	police officers in l.a. are at every duty to try to help people who often do n't even know that help need help .	0
the only way to get over a girl is to get a new gi .	no , the only way to get over the breakup with a girlfriend is to find a new one .	1
“ they were minorites , they called themselves spirituals , and instead they were monks of the community !	`` they were minorites , they said they were spirituals , and so far they were the brothers of the free spirit !	1
l. levi , a. tymen , lawyers )	french parties applicant : zz ( represented by : l. levi , a. tymen , lawyers )	1
sen , go inside first , ok ?	rick ... we 're not going anywhere .	0
( 5 ) oj l 279 , 1.11.2000 , p. 44 .	[ 5 ] oj l 279 , 1.11.2000 , p .	1
they could have been skilled warriors . '	they could be experienced warriors ! '	1
nothing beats a first kiss .	i 've always been interested .	0
of course it 's different .	what 's going on ?	0
failed to create pipe for communicating with child process ( % s )	i mean , as a school , the status quo .	0
i 'll bet you 200 gs you lose .	i 'll bet you 200 grand that you 're gon na lose on your fat .	1
i packed the harpoon just in case that bastard jazz cell turns up .	i packed a harpoon in case the jazz bastard showed up .	1
which is a picture of ... - kanga 's house .	there 's a picture of kanga 's cottage .	1
he just did n't get it .	he just does n't understand .	1
uh , i just -- what i meant is that i really appreciate everything that you -- okay .	actually , it was the song of old bob hope .	0
you 're just going to sit there , staring straight ahead , no matter what i say . ''	no matter what i say , you just sit here and stare in front of yourself. ``	1
let me get you another one .	i was hoping you 'd set him up .	0
the guangzhou uprising will eliminate the qing dynasty !	the guangzhou insurgency will arrive at the dynastii qing .	1
ellie walked down the hallway to where a government sitter was staying with nikki .	total number of getlicensorcertificate required	0
sister act	he did it !	0
there is little experience in other types of surgery , for example gastrointestinal or urological surgery .	siora guidicelli , she 's coming back , right ?	0
’ no , i was dreaming .	`` no , i had a dream .	1
if you want to do my errand ...	do you think , mrs rieger , that your son and his longtime girlfriend are fond of mrs irena ?	0
like there 's no way to know what 's going on inside of me ... ... despite what you or weaver or i would like to believe .	he said there had been some progress .	0
holding his torch away , the youth looked for light from above and saw only darkness .	he even laughed happily in the dream , as everything went down on this bright blue path .	0
to where i 've always	# that where i 'm always	1
transplantation is a high-risk operation . you could lose your son on that table .	the transplant is risky , and you can lose your son to the `` table . ''	1
you are forgetting one thing , ma'am .	be quiet .	0
ammonia , antifreeze , bleach , a broom handle ... nail polish .	ammonia , non-freezing mixture , bleach , from cream ... lacquer to nail polish .	1
i 'm just trying to help you , omar , because i love you .	because i love you .	1
man : aye , sir .	yes , sir .	1
yeah , yeah , i got the ring .	thank you , i 'm very much obliged .	0
next , this indication will depend also on the nature of the product and the means of communication used .	she was backing away from me , now touching the back of a cold , granite rock .	0
whose name ? your mother 's	your mother .	1
leave them .	and nobody minded .	0
well , i think it 's here .	if this is a challenge , give it time and place !	0
seriously , liv , he 's certifiable .	seriously , liv , he 's crazy .	1
did you recognize the guy driving off on the bike ?	did you recognize what drove out of here on a motorcycle ?	1
i did n't exactly plan it , did i ?	i did n't plan this , okay ?	1
clemenza , the pizza 's not cooked enough . thin , new york style crisp pizza .	is there no one corrupt in this city ?	0
sure . right this way .	right , joe ?	0
'cause , really , what are the chances of that ?	the thought surprised flattery .	0
nurse carson to four west nurses station .	nurse carson on a sister-in-law four .	1
well , i also have some ideas about how we might incorporate the design into some ...	i 'm all sticky , but it 's fine !	0
but , unfortunately , it happens only maybe once or twice per century .	i was his schoolmate for law .	0
the memaris have been here the whole time .	they 've been here the whole time .	1
get medical .	how many of those we knew fell in the last two years ?	0
that the woman 's been bragging about it .	uh , yeah , i think so .	0
you really think that , lara ?	`` weapons and fire missiles ready .	0
she took a kitchen knife and stabbed this kid , okabe - a sake-shop delivery boy .	cutting plastic cables was below each fighter 's level .	0
then i stretched out his arm until i could rest my knee squarely on his elbow joint .	then i extended my arm and knelt on his elbow .	1
i had quite forgotten it .	i 'd forgotten about him .	1
brian , you 're the groomsman .	brian , you 're a mate .	1
the men who put the phones in have a uniform .	32 the plea of inadmissibility raised by the commission against the application by the united kingdom to intervene in proceedings must therefore be rejected .	0
other 86,9 eur/100 kg/net trq_pork ( 20 000 t expressed in net weight ) + trq pork additional ( 20 000 t expressed in net weight )	me , coincidentally , i do n't .	0
the unit does n't know ?	they do n't know ?	1
still , you should take day to rest and recover .	even so you should take the day off and rest , pick up your strength .	1
she torched neil ?	did she burn neil ?	1
i think i 'm on a trail .	i 'm on my way .	1
go on , run !	he 's more likely to find you .	0
i 'm trying to work .	relax , i do n't like that kind of guy .	0
later came boxing , judo and kickboxing and others . and from these several disciplines , i created my own style .	and from these few disciplines , i created my own style .	1
i need you to stop doing this with your hand , and i need you to stop whirring with your lips .	i want you to stop waving your hands and stop growling .	1
he heads a cartel in the russian mafia ... ... selling drugs , guns , influence to some very unpleasant people .	whatever you 're gon na do , go ahead !	0
we should be thrilled she 's home with her family , taking pictures of her foot .	we should be happy he 's home with his family , and he 's taking his feet .	1
and all of a sudden , your thoughts shoot forward , like ... in a flash .	and all of a sudden , your thoughts are like lightning .	1
what an 'andsome pair !	what a nice pair .	1
he doesn ’ t care about you .	sexton does n't care about you .	1
he 's , you know ...	( f )	0
you know , if you do n't want to talk , that 's okay .	it could have a problem getting used to the new environment .	0
i 'll have to examine it further .	i 'll have to carry out any further examination .	1
while i enjoy the enormous fortune your parents left behind .	all i want is for you to do whatever it takes to get in my head ... and to enjoy the enormous fortune your parents have left behind .	1
great ... smile !	i 'm sorry , but i have something better for you than soap .	0
how long do you think ... the account executive harasses the client ... before he becomes dangerous ?	how long do you think ... ... the employee will be poisoning the client ... ... before he 's very dangerous ?	1
furthermore , it did not participate in any anti-competitive meeting at which such an overall anti-competitive plan was agreed .	i thought i 'd ask you to come to the attic with me .	0
please immediately lined up . bus you 've arrived .	she got 4 stars in the international arms .	0
general , this is the misoverhitting .	`` i did n't want to do it . ''	0
the song of the wind was loud enough to drown all conversation softer than a full shout .	do you hear that ?	0
no one 's ever rode in this place before .	no one 's ever ridden in this place .	1
neither traditional “ jewish values , ” nor perry , are naturally friendly to gays .	2092896 decision of the opposition division :	0
hail mary full of grace . the lord be with you .	holy mary of god , the lord is with you .	1
that 's a nice bluetooth .	nice bluetooth .	1
i 'll catch up , guys .	i 'll catch up with you guys .	1
people ca n't wait to gossip about misfortune .	people ca n't wait to talk about bad luck .	1
gerry , alan , ray , if you ever want to play for me again , get in the truck now .	yes , i wanted you to find her .	0
if he sells it on ebay , i get a cut .	nice life for a servant , eh ? '	0
are they nearby ?	for $ 20,000 , i 'll add your breakfast .	0
ai and rieka say they do n't have boyfriends .	ai and rieka said they did n't have a boyfriend .	1
where 's his hoss ?	where 's his horse ?	1
your day , when the song of beowulf is told .	but i say it is a pattern of current recession , and we have seen the same thing before .	0
how could we let this happen ?	lee , what do you need ?	0
well , at first i thought there was no need to ask .	well , at first i thought there was no point in asking any questions .	1
just think for a minute . sitting bull ...	just think - sitting bull .	1
the third set are partials .	over here .	0
it 's mine !	no , mine !	1
you ca n't have both women .	you ca n't have them both .	1
no , i hated him .	no , i did n't like him .	1
well , we have a castoff pattern , relatively short arc -- one , two , three -- could be from a beating .	`` another problem is in her thrombocytes , '' walter put in .	0
i 'm a minute away .	i 'll be there in a minute .	1
i 'm gon na go have fun .	i 'm going to have a good time .	1
so you 're trying to tell me that you turned him down ?	ellie , they were smart , they were smarter than dolphins or whales , they were even smarter than primates .	0
bloody complex op , this , colonel armstrong thought .	it 's a complex operation , colonel armstrong thought .	1
i-i was just , uh ...	thanks for joining us .	0
so , i suggest we find somewhere a little more private .	yes , i noticed .	0
i could 've been married by now , with a four-year-old	that explains your dizziness and the illusion of light .	0
do religious believers resist temptation better than anyone else ?	does it make believers more resistant to temptation than anyone else ?	1
talk about what 's been so impactful in this case that has changed your mind .	a lot of politics .	0
`` of course he says he 's going to die -- it would n't be him if he did n't .	'he says he 's going to die - he would n't even be if he did n't say so .	1
i just ca n't even believe ...	i ca n't believe ...	1
so he was afraid to open the door , fearing he might be struck by the crazed atoms of that hive .	he was even afraid to open the door , as if he was afraid he was going to take the crazy atom-bomb out of there .	1
now is the best time , ariana went on .	`` now is the best time , '' ariana said .	1
she looks at you .	only a minute ago i found out you can use it at a distance - i 'd like to hear that sort of thing .	0
god , that 's nothing .	should n't we try to communicate with that ?	0
was it fun ?	did you have fun there ?	1
however , the uyghur desire for independence met with stiff chinese resistance .	the uighur 's desire for independence has been met with strong resistance by the chinese government in beijing .	1
it will go with the police !	18-4 , do you copy ?	0
i 'm with margaret ...	officer eckles , does your position give you the right to beat people ?	0
so how come ?	this is everything from the office .	0
quaternary ammonium cation	then we could invite the wealthiest people .	0
put down the gun , carl .	let 's start with your ...	0
you know , that chow looks pretty good .	do n't answer that , because i know what everyone else is thinking about me .	0
okay , i 'll wait until he 's gone . give me the calla lilies .	okay , i 'll wait here before he goes .	1
this is probably why women are better at multi-tasking .	i 'll tell you something , whatever it is , we can do it in a simpler way ,	0
look , henry , the cookie was my way of saying that ...	they 're right behind us !	0
i chased three away .	i got three .	1
a chamber concert .	dick 's right .	0
a man who will take you inside the real las vegas as no one has ever done before .	he 'll take you to a real las vegas , like no one before .	1
some member states had failed to monitor all aspects of the legislation and some airports went uninspected for long periods .	some member states failed to pursue all aspects of the legislation , and they did not carry out inspections at some airports .	1
he studied the heavens carefully and reached a bold conclusion .	no one forced him to do it .	0
matty was definitely thinking about me . hope for my fantasy to become my reality had been reignited .	i 'm sure matty thought of me , the hope for my fantasy that he would become a reality again , flared up .	1
i 'm just lovely .	i 'm great .	1
bond knew that goldfinger would be capable of repeating the same swing with different clubs again and again round the eighteen holes .	bond was sure goldfinger could repeat the same swing with different hoops from the first hole to the 18th .	1
`` the other man was an orderly ? ''	maybe she was right about the major 's devilish eye .	0
recriminations fly , the occupying army remains , and a new insurgency spreads .	the mutual blame will be caught , the occupying army remains , and a new insurgency is spreading .	1
it could be one of yours ?	ca n't be yours ?	1
i wish you transferred to san diego with us instead of here , after the honeymoon .	it 's a shame they do n't put you in san diego after the honeymoon , but here .	1
let me try that .	i 'll try .	1
you are about to think , `` what the hell '' ? `` how did jane ... ''	but i know , according to a famous 19th-century ballet dancer .	0
well , we are .	yes , we are .	1
you were not invited . you 'd better leave . - you do n't understand .	bro , i 'm trying to get my job done .	0
then maybe my mistake was having those feelings at all .	i still have to think about him , you know ? ``	0
`` i know that if you 're anything like me , you hate overpaying for parking . ''	we 're what we 're supposed to be , so we have to keep an eye out for what we 're doing .	0
so what are the animals doing there and how are they making their living ?	i 'm really sorry about what happened to nellie .	0
oh , what about lbu ?	what about him ?	1
1997` in the 'period of authorization` column is replaced by '30 .	| avilamycin | c57.62h 82.90cl1.2o31.32 ( a mixture of oligosaccharides of orthosomycin groups produced by streptomyces viridochromosomgenes , nrrl 2860 )	1
mm , me , too . maybe friday you could come over to my place , and we could hang out or ... ( groans )	maybe you can come to my house on friday and we can hang out or ...	1
why are you being like this ?	indeed , the financial leverage is measured by how big you are to suffer losses in the future .	0
that a boy !	while she was lying and thinking , john paul came back from the toilet .	0
merrick , you and me are allies ... marching into battle together , and are n't smart-assed ... replies amongst allies a waste of fucking time ?	all right , mr. white , are you okay ?	0
get the yellow pages .	take the gold pages .	1
i 'm not summoning tara .	`` would n't you be interested in a deal ? ''	0
i 'm assuming we 're talking about a pc here , right ?	i assume we 're talking about table computers , right ?	1
it 's a question of we got to find him if it takes all day .	i believe some things bring good luck .	0
a difficult feat from his backside .	that will be a difficult feat .	1
the use of state aids or top ups for this type of measures would have to be subject to appropriate community competition rules .	if his heart was still beating at the moment , this tub would have been redder .	0
usually find murder victims at the end of hallways like these .	at the end of these corridors , we usually find victims .	1
the child still poses a grave threat .	scarlet carson grew up behind my window , and our apartment always smelled of roses .	0
everything 's all right .	that 's all right .	1
|| i trade shows with trading partners to promote the benefits of flegt-licensed timber	the oldest motive in the world .	0
that 's the last of them .	they were the last .	1
taken aback , the man hid his reaction by showing them , with an exaggerated bow , to a table .	did you see her ?	0
he laughs . “ an artist ?	yes , but i 'm not doing any more .	0
they shall notify the competent national authorities of the measures taken to ensure that withdrawal operations are environmentally sound .	the producer organisation shall notify the competent national authorities of the measures taken to protect the environment during the withdrawal of products .	1
he was not yet ready for dismay .	i 'm so charming .	0
jean-claude 's voice filled the room with whispers like tiny echoes .	the whisper of jean-claude 's voice filled the room as a silent echo .	1
yeah , a long time ago .	i prayed she would die , and she smiled when it happened .	0
what lies unwanted on my ships at tyre will find a home in saladin .	what of my ships is not requested in tyr can find a new home here at saladin 's .	1
it looks like one of those gadgets ... ... the vet used on my kid 's labrador .	it looks like one of those equipment used by a vet on the labrador of my kids ,	1
he 'd got out of the stream on to another overhanging branch .	what kind of daughter do you think you 're not gon na help your own father ?	0
who will break their ribs and their noses and their necks for you because they believe .	they let them break their ribs and their noses because they trust him .	1
i 'm 32 , mr. dunn . i 'm here celebrating the fact that i spent another year waitressing which is what i 've been doing since 13 .	i 'm 32 , mr. dunne , and i 'm celebrating the fact that i 'm going to spend another year collecting dishes and waitressing .	1
where the request is not complied with within the time limit specified , the communication shall be deemed not to have been received .	if the challenge is not upheld within the prescribed time limit , it is considered that the communication has not been adopted .	1
manhattan wives and children are still sent away in the summer .	new york city women and children are now being sent out for the summer .	1
i started to turn , and i woke up in a room .	i wanted to turn around and i woke up in that room .	1
thorby put an arm around each of them .	thorby put his arms around them .	1
i do n't know what time i 'll be back .	we 're great together , are n't we , lolita ?	0
international arms magazine rated this honey four stars .	and that 's why lew rosen made me another copy of veronica 's marketplace .	0
what ? you know all the glass slipper posters around town ?	in any case , once we reach the range , we can transfer the canister to the heart of co2 , and ... boom , one dewraified mothership .	0
i 'm talking big money .	i 'm talking about a big package .	1
in the pandemonium now reigning , i jumped down from the table , up into the window embrasure , and so on to the low balcony .	in hell , which started there , i leapt from the table to the ledge of the window and then onto the low balcony .	1
tyler ? ..tyler was gone .	they did n't die for nothing .	0
they wore bronze scale hauberks , greaves and gauntlets , and bronze helmets reinforced with iron bars wrapped in a cage around the skullcap .	they wore pawns of bronze scales , razor blades and gloves , and bronze helmets reinforced with iron rods around the bell .	1
to an outsider it could look like the cia are in bed with the journal .	from the outside , it might have looked like the journal was one hand with the cia .	1
given that grayson energy is the sole customer of british imperial coolant , its health is of tremendous import to us all .	since grayson is the only customers of british imperial coolant , his financial condition is important to all of us .	1
sorry about the ruse , but i have something better than exfoliating soap to rub on you .	`` we 'd better go to housa and see what pirojil found .	0
anan go before you wake up .	interesting opinion .	0
give me a few minutes and then meet me upstairs , okay ?	give me a second and then follow me up , ok ?	1
the tea party has gained a sizable following based on their message of low taxes , limited government , and happy birthday , tom ...	the tea party received plenty of followers because of their demands such as low taxes , limited government functions , and happy birthdays , tom ...	1
( d ) soundly estimate the level of irregularities and ensure that it is recovered through the different procedures ;	and wo n't you get rid of me ?	0
sure , listen , gd 's done a lot of work on arresting cell degeneration .	of course , listen , g.d. advanced enough work to stop the cellular degeneration .	1
yes , i did . no one 's ever done that for me before .	but you can call me pestario .	0
i 'll be back in a moment , my darling .	commission inspectors shall prepare inspections in such a way as to be effective , precise and coherent .	0
attention please .	vik lived until his death in 1987 at aix-en-provence as a free artist .	0
aware now of bucio 's heroic goal and astounded at his progress , buncke encouraged the handsome young mexican .	i finally felt a slight change in the atmosphere and knew that it had started in the morning .	0
the woman has a heart condition , she 's on her own .	of course , the woman had a heart problem , so be she .	1
printer notifications for downlevel clients :	they 'll send him right there .	0
in fact , i think i 've got some over there .	actually , i think i have some more .	1
and i never heard what happened , so there 's not much point .	and i do n't exactly know what happened , so it does n't make much sense .	1
we think as individuals , and we share the thoughts with the rest of the team .	that 's the hungarian gang that controlled north chicago !	0
sorry . this ai n't no time for swimming lessons , all right , lady ?	i 'm sorry , but this is n't the time for swimming lessons .	1
do you have any idea where we 're going , or you just driving ?	i 'm here , right in front of you ! ``	0
stand-alone root ca	i was n't going to kill him , but i was n't going to stand idly by .	0
there was a small holo stage in the center of the room for final mock-up and a large viewscreen behind it .	hahn , mr. robinson 's condition is critical , but he 's stable .	0
tearing the snakes frantically from itself , the figure collapsed and died in a writhing heap of small serpents .	in a frantic struggle with the serpents , the figure collapsed and died in a heap of struggling little reptiles .	1
did we stop somewhere ?	catherine , the things i said about how you see me , i was wrong .	0
skin corrosion ( section 3.2 ) 1a , 1b , 1c specific target organ toxicity — single exposure ; respiratory tract irritation ( section 3.8 )	toxicity to specific target organs - single exposure ; respiratory irritation ( section 3.8 )	1
how many times you got ta go to the hospital ...	how many times do you still go to hospital before you leave ?	1
a gigantic shadow appeared just above the unfortunate diver .	a huge shadow loomed over the hapless diver .	1
the heavens declare the glory of the bomb and the firmament showeth his handiwork .	the heavens are the glory of the bomb , and the work of the hands of her sky is heralded .	1
i 'm not ... i 'm not keeping anything from you .	fuck your beard .	0
but yabu had gone ashore , telling him that the day after tomorrow they would leave .	but yabu had gone ashore to sail the day after .	1
i do n't want the crew getting spooked .	carry out a control test to open the container so that you can grasp the straps of the backup parachute and try to lift the backup parachute .	0
little fiona living all alone with a overactive reporter 's imagination .	oh , my god , i never thought i 'd ever eat my real meat .	0
for an i had been a hasty man , i would already have put my sword through you , for your intolerable cowardice and folly .	i mean , if i were a fleeting man , i 'd be on your sword for your unforgivable cowardice and stupidity .	1
new recosntructed building from 14.th century offer a luxury and calm accommodation in city centre of prague in charles sqaure by wenzeslao square .	a costly reconstructed building originally from the end of the 14th century offers luxurious quiet accommodation in the centre of prague on charles 's board at wenceslas .	1
got one scallop -- and the freaking national guard is patrolling our streets like we 're fallujah or something .	and the fucking national guard is out there patrolling the streets , as if we were somewhere in fallujah .	1
i know . - baby , we have to go now , ok ?	honey , we have to go , okay ?	1
i understand that , but ... ... it 's gon na be difficult to get a lawyerto come and risk his life .	you mean home ?	0
glenn : hey , give me a gun .	roxanne !	0
if i win the scavenger hunt , i 'm taking jonesy ,	if you ca n't keep yours , our problems at the door , you should n't be here .	0
|| article 19 ( 2 )	but luckily for you , you have me .	0
i 'm the one who killed yu-min ...	who 's chasing you ?	0
and of his father .	i do n't want you to get my paycheck !	0
she wanted to glance over her shoulder , to see if he was , as she guessed , behind them somewhere .	she wanted to look back to see if she really was behind them , as she thought .	1
he said there was a curse on the marriage ... between people of the same blood .	he said there was a curse on the wedding between the pope 's relatives .	1
she sat half-stunned on the floor .	`` agent gruer visited you last night using a three-dimensional projection .	0
( c ) the category of completely non-accessible documents esentially consists of documents containing 'business secrets` and other confidential documents .	( c ) a group of entirely accessible documents shall , in essence , consist of documents containing `` trade secrets '' and from other confidential documents .	1
last night was an embarrassment .	yesterday was a disgrace .	1
eu sanctions against # russia adopted but unclear when exactly they will enter into force . # ukraine	i 'll wait till you get back .	0
the last day i saw my wife it was our anniversary . i thought you said you were gon na leave ?	i saw the woman on our anniversary one day .	1
would come by coach or boat to be here . most would swim the moat to be here .	most would swim the moat to be here .	1
`` ... pardon for all my sins ...	`` all my sins ...	1
file .	file ;	1
minimally , using the short signal book .	at least , he 'll use a small signal book .	1
but lucky for you , - mm-hmm . you got me .	jason 's back in the game .	0
ah . so the cat in the hat now wants room and board ?	now , does the cat want room and food in the hat ?	1
it seems you can not be enchanted by rituals that you can not hear .	they do n't seem to be enchanted by the rituals you do n't hear .	1
i heard you speaking but ...	i heard you talking , but ... i was asleep !	1
how 's he gon na eat them ?	wait , and how will he eat them ?	1
against this background , it is premature to talk about withdrawing american troops .	what do you want ?	0
the measures shall be maintained no longer than strictly necessary and , in any case , shall be lifted when the shortcomings are remedied .	we have to take them all at once , and the eggs , too .	0
the laboratory shall report results , and the gipsa seal number , on the lab report , and provide it to the applicant for service .	reporting : the laboratory shall record the results and number of the seal gipsa into the laboratory report and provide it with the contracting authority .	1
all we need now is a half-decent plot	the wizard stared at him slowly .	0
approximately ... ... how long ?	how long ?	1
i could n't .	he has n't shown up in weeks . i have to talk to him .	0
'i suspect it 's new , mr cruett .	yeah , i 'm good .	0
that 's the signal .	it 's a sign .	1
`` sounds as if you 're quoting , '' brion told him .	`` sounds like you 're counting on it , '' brion said .	1
'and they 're still holding out ? '	`` but ... '' he stammered .	0
the council was therefore also wrong to add article 79 ( 3 ) tfeu to the legal bases of the contested decision .	and this time , i did n't even have to pay for it .	0
your co-accused have already signed theirs .	show them , mac .	0
2210 broadway	a hundred dollars .	0
there 's a lot of reasons why i like you .	i have a lot of reasons to love you .	1
come on , cut the shit .	hey , doll , what 's up ?	0
aurore , come see .	'all energy comes from the same source , 'kevin said .	0
the fbi would never even admit he works there .	the parking lot is over there .	0
if a high energy charge subatomic particle had hit us , it could have randomly flipped one bit of data in our jump coordinates .	it could have hit us with a highly charged subatomic particle , which randomly changed one bit of data of our jumbo co-ordinates .	1
we 've set a record .	it 's a record .	1
relax , lady !	calm down , ma'am !	1
when i was 10 i stuffed my uncle 's boots with goatshit .	when i was ten , i filled my uncle 's boat .	1
he did n't miss a single production .	he did n't miss a single gig .	1
in his work with medusa , conklin 's foot had been shattered by a land mine , and his brilliant career as a field strategist was cut short .	if i leave him now , i 'll lose him forever .	0
i was on the couch without understanding how i got there , and jacob was still swearing .	it might not have been easy for him , but he knew what he meant for the captain and the others .	0
`` she is an invalid lady , sir .	`` mrs. oldsmore is a poor lady , sir .	1
it 's , uh -- it 's a little package to help you maybe make your decision before monday .	first , rtp had to report on the fulfilment of public service obligations and to translate plans attached to the opinion of its internal audit office .	0
listen , i just had a really disturbing phone call	value	0
twenty-nine . twenty-eight .	they must not kill him , the frightened people around their insane faith in the right and health of their own sense .	0
forgive me . i love you .	forgive me .	1
well the truth is ... ... we 're not the ones who 've been teaching radio .	the thing is , we do n't teach radio .	1
sten was sick of anything vaguely involving official violence .	sten was sick of anything that involved only the slightest violence .	1
her grace , the duchess of devonshire .	if you want me to do it , i 'll do it .	0
a gymnast ?	gymnastics ?	1
if you see any bubbles , pull the plunger slightly back ; tap the syringe gently , with the needle pointing up , until the bubbles disappear .	tap the syringe until the bubbles disappear .	1
back to base showers now !	'you let him die just to get the bait , you monster ? '	0
she 's got a heart of gold .	i think we have less than a week to go back to the galaxy in more .	0
you wan na take the money and run to venezuela with old mikey ?	i 'm not an adult , but i 'm pretty sure it 's not attractive .	0
we 're on this website for new bands .	where are you , baby ?	0
let 's pay a call , get some answers .	let 's go there , get some answers .	1
`` she 's sixteen , she wants to be a star , so did lolita .	`` she 's got a girl who 's a diva , like lolita .	1
you heard me , fleck ! you 're fired !	you heard me !	1
that 's the best i can do !	we ca n't stay here !	0
i 've been doing research on the first cipher .	i examined the first cipher .	1
to say the least , yeah .	there 's no reason not to finish her .	0
let 's go to the grocery store with alan .	let 's go shopping with alan .	1
i do n't know what to tell her .	out ! out !	0
i 'm sure sario donati would have something to day about that .	it 's easier to be close to the infirmary .	0
perhaps ... only perhaps ... he might have sympathy for your losses if he were convinced you saw your error . ''	you 'll be arrested , i know .	0
`` it 's not running , stu , '' tom said anxiously .	`` not an engine , stu , '' tom said .	1
i could take a wild guess .	i could guess .	1
stop you know what take a deep breath for me , ben .	security equipment in tracks ( exchanges , bulletins , rail circuits , etc . )	0
of course , that immediately clicked with another idea .	sounds more like a plot .	0
like 20 ... 20 .	twenty times .	1
at least his warnings of a possible epidemic had been heeded , and the proper authorities mobilized .	she got sick for less than a year .	0
i know , i know all the days wo n't be perfect	i know the days will not always be beautiful	1
you disgusting , horrible girl .	the us option allows you to use it , actually buying the stock any time you have an ounce until its expiration .	0
directive 2011/85/eu on budgetary frameworks has not yet been transposed .	there were heavy curtains on the windows , which were slowly moldy .	0
applejack drove .	applejack was driving .	1
the praetorians lowered their weapons and were put under immediate arrest by marine sentries .	i 'm not a child anymore , and you know i want to know the truth .	0
worf was thrown into quantum flux .	worf would be put in a state of quantum flux .	1
oh , look . i think he 's really starting to like you .	look , he 's probably starting to like you .	1
i 've been looking for another person to officiate the renewal of vows with my wife .	but you will !	0
do you mind if i post this on my facebook page ?	do you mind if i put this on facebook ?	1
`` well , '' said milverton , `` you made me lose a good night 's rest , my dear .	we do n't care about homosexuals , we just do n't want to get married .	0
thank you , sir . captain .	captain .	1
if i can access the field emitters , we could establish a force field .	if i have access to the emitter , we could erect a force field .	1
we have chosen you , o'neill , to represent earth at the proceedings .	we have selected you , o'neill , to represent your planet at the meeting .	1
the duchess will guide our steps , she said .	it then pointed out that copies of official reports on breaches and foreclosures and the relevant conclusions were sent to the commission .	0
yeah , i 'm just so happy to meet you both .	yeah , i 'm just really glad we met .	1
now god and we ... have the chance to make a miracle to strip all masks away forever .	they 're going to belfast on monday .	0
a rotting spell of some kind , and i 'd like you to reverse it .	`` kimlok knew , too , '' he said .	0
the dwarven army was not mobilized .	the dwarf army has not been mobilised .	1
it 's the same as a rookie . - right .	it 's just a rookie .	1
the thin scattering of fellow privileged customers wore a wide array of planetary fashions .	selected handful of privileged customers offered a parade of various planetary fashions .	1
i will lose them both !	for god 's sake , i 'll lose them both !	1
after ragnar , you will be next . do n't you understand ?	i 'd like to .	0
could such a thing be modified to carry troops or heavy objects ?	yesterday , the future looked gray and bleak , and now she seemed filled with surprising , danger and bad things to happen to some people ... .	0
you are looking for a backdoor into reestablishing wyatt industries ' relationship with the city .	you 're looking for a way to fix wyatt industries ' relationship with the city .	1
who are you to say who deserves to be punished ?	who are you to decide who gets punished ?	1
they 'd already left it before the ship was found .	the crew left the ship before they found her .	1
alec , there is an alarm going off , do you know what triggered it ?	the army of activists is ready .	0
sure , i 'll feel guilty , start doubting .	sure , i 'll feel guilty , i 'll doubt .	1
run to yöur mother .	you think this is funny , huh ?	0
more wheat ? what i 've seen already ... could feed more legions than rome has ever had .	really , really ?	0
be sorry about this stuff before you do it !	feel sorry for before you did it !	1
i think maybe he needs some help .	you need girls ?	0
and you have a way of asking questions that beg more questions .	and you 're asking questions that urge others .	1
taste : slightly sweet , moderately acidic , slightly spicy and a slight smoky tang .	captain kuchiki , he behaved himself somewhat harshly when vice-captain abarai called his name .	0
you think we should move ?	you want us to move ?	1
and , just for a moment , i thought to myself , `` i do n't know if i can do all of this without her . ''	you do n't have to choose .	0
the preacher is hotter than a baker 's oven , comin ' in real hot .	the oval is hotter than the baker 's oven . it 's really hot .	1
maybe you 'll believe me next time ! ''	i 'm thinking about 1800 .	0
neither of us can be sure about her .	not one of them can be sure .	1
and i pursued .	mr. copeland , there 's a lot of ways you can get a list like that .	0
what is happening there ?	she wo n't be left alone .	0
so it 's really an anomaly as to ...	they all went to the ashford meadow .	0
next time , i 'm taking it , rizzoli .	i 'll get your daughter !	0
honestly , it 's the safest way to travel .	frankly , it 's the safest mode of transportation .	1
hey , keep it in the playground , children .	i have those names for you .	0
quietly , she regulated her breathing , insulated her senses from distraction and fell into the between-state .	she held her breath away , isolated her senses from all interference , and fell into the interstate .	1
okay , it 's our product , but yeah , i was going to cut you in .	the tier 1 capital ratio was also a total capital ratio of -12.7 % .	0
i do n't .	i do n't stink .	1
i just should have tied off better .	i should have made it better .	1
you know , lucas , a lot of guys are just happy to have a job at all .	you know , lucas , a lot of people are happy for work .	1
`` it 's too soon to say for sure , but i believe she will , '' replied engstrand .	`` it 's still too early for some courts , but i think she can do it , '' engparty replied .	1
oh , that 's from `` la bamba '' !	this is a special order .	0
or have n't you got anything worth displaying ? ''	often , there is a strong perception that we should do whatever is necessary to remedy the situation .	0
it 's coming in from behind ! all right !	it 's coming from behind .	1
i thought you already met my wife ?	the application of the rules laid down in the present version would have a significant financial impact for the sale of the vessel .	0
the high-ridin'-est , rootin'-tootin'-est cowboy hero ofall time ,	slowly , slowly .	0
we should take care to steer the men towards a replacement from hornigold 's men .	we should point the men to the search for a replacement in hornigold 's crew .	1
i got jealous ...	when she summed up leaflets covering her desk , her hands were trembling slightly .	0
your name is johnson , right ?	you 're not gon na make this kind of thing out of you for a bad mother .	0
look at me . i 'm growing .	i 'm willing to look at the heating again , like i said .	0
i 've already lined up a buyer .	i 've been through them , so i know . '	0
the coast guard cutter panache was one of a kind , a design mistake of sorts , but she was his .	the coastal coast guard panache had not had the same ; it was his kind of design fault , but he was his .	1
and he told about the world .	and he told me something else about the world .	1
as he stood there waiting , the rain passed , leaving the night with a clean but warm , moist feeling .	while he stood there waiting for his orders to be met , the rain ceased , leaving the night drenched with clean but hot and humid air .	1
however , it must be examined whether such a waiver ought to have been subject to a public procurement procedure .	however , it should be examined whether it should be subject to the award procedure .	1
up next , cat court hears the assault case against chester cheetah .	i was jealous .	0
well , climb aboard , amigos .	i think you 're making too much of it .	0
hide something in your sock drawer , and it 's easy to get to but hard to secure .	# and listen to all the women #	0
' p.d. -- sounds like a cop 's badge .	if there 's something you did n't tell me , you should spill it right now .	0
the hierarchy does not tolerate mistakes or misinformation .	hierarchies do n't tolerate mistakes and desinformation .	1
the main focus areas will be industrial production , play and learning , and biological production .	i 'm thinking about eliza 's smile .	0
there is already a collection for a network share with the same path .	on a network disk , the same path already exists .	1
male infant , please .	baby boy , please .	1
well , we got a little problem .	we have a smaller problem .	1
i want to work the dead girls with marco .	i want to work with marc on these dead girls .	1
it was cam 's idea , and it 's a pretty big swing .	it was cam 's idea and it 's something really special .	1
you gon na coach baseball for black kids ?	will you practice baseball for black boys ?	1
bert ! thank heaven , you 're here .	`` and the move will not take us three weeks .	0
well ... and you 'd be absolutely right .	kaletra tablets should be administered orally and must be swallowed whole , without biting , fasting or crushing .	0
its smoke rose within the body and curled out of the batlike ears of the idol .	you throw good food on the floor .	0
microsoft windows server update services could not configure the administration site or some of the virtual directories .	the configuration of a management server or some virtual directories failed .	1
he 's the man i came to see .	the cut is short enough , one , two , three , it could be from the beating .	0
the attraction is instant and undeniable .	the fascination is immediate and undisputed .	1
so when he 's at his first keg party , he 's gon na be the weirdo in the sweater vest sipping on chardonnay in the corner .	so on his first beer party , he 's going to be a maggot in a vest and he 'll be sipping chardonnay in the corner .	1
upload crash reports	load failure reports	1
you use it to kill people .	you 're killing people with him .	1
time to go home .	time to go .	1
would n't that be stupid ?	am i such an idiot ?	1
combine the american and norwegian culture . that 's what it 's all about .	a combination of american and norwegian cultures .	1
cores are tubes produced from coreboard , in turn produced mainly from recycled paper .	opportunity	0
here 's your sign .	it 's a sign .	1
he raised his stick ; but mcmurdo had whipped his pistol out of his pocket .	he raised his staff , but mcmurdo pocketed the gun from his back pocket .	1
now that i 've regained my sanity , i set up an interview with saltman-fink .	now that my mind has come back , i 've arranged an interview with saltman-fink .	1
hey , tell me about that new system you set up at the gym for scheduling appointments .	mom , can they come with me now and help me with my prep ?	0
first shot at you , every racist d.a . in the county would buy me dinner and throw in rams tickets .	what painter do you like ?	0
i mean , who knows what kind of twisted , depraved , unholy world we 're about to step into .	who knows what kind of sick , depraved , godless world we intend to enter .	1
it 's a career change , is n't it ?	she leaned back comfortably and put a jovial look .	0
let 's get you married . hmm ?	we 're gon na marry you , right ?	1
turito . yes ? turito , it 's okay .	have a nice day .	0
`` this is a thing you can get ?	tell me what 's on your mind .	0
you have enough on your plate , tom .	you 've had enough , tom .	1
the only reason he gave you the job was because i asked him to in the first place .	they speak of the hope that the message will catch them safely at their villa .	0
wh-where did you -- where did you get that ?	at the appointed time , david would come .	0
sending and receiving email ( cid:120 ) set up accounts	as he listened , tom realized that this was not what they were saying .	0
hail edmund , lord of adders black .	why do you do this ?	0
you shocked us all .	you got us all .	1
i 'll be back in a minute .	i 'll be right back .	1
i do need you to participate , though .	a citizen 's response to violence	0
i ask you why . why are we breaking into a heavily guarded museum ... to steal a precious statue which belongs to you ?	why do we have to break into the most guarded museum to steal a valuable statue that belongs to you anyway ?	1
that was you , was n't it ?	it was you , right ?	1
whatever happens , we can make this right .	whatever happens here , we can fix .	1
suppose ... george do n't come back no more .	presentation of the accounts ...	0
whatever you may say , you are still a general	anything you say , you 'll still be a general .	1
store the supernatant at +4 °c and re-suspend the remaining cell pellet in 10 to 20 ml of lysis buffer .	and i could have sung her serenade at a karaoke bar after dinner .	0
that was what they used to call me .	that 's what they called me .	1
look , i told you i do n't know what the fuck you talking about .	i do n't know what you 're talking about .	1
do you really think it 's a good idea to feed into his delusions at this point ?	do you really think it 's clever to catch his hallucinations ?	1
like this . uh-uh .	i 'm sorry to interrupt you , mr. aldridge , but we actually kind of made a rule .	0
on that occasion , exxonmobil , which the commission did not however consider to form part of the cartel , also granted an extra rebate to the w5 .	on that occasion , exxonmobil , which was not considered by the commission as a participant in the cartel , also provided an additional discount for the w5 .	1
his last thought before he loses consciousness again is that he must call galina 's sister olga .	tell me , agent keen ... does your husband have clearance to know the location of this secret base ?	0
he 's theonly man who 's done it faster .	if you want to do this for me ...	0
that is to say , the diploma must allow the profession to be effectively pursued in the state which awarded it .	what do you want ?	0
what 's wrong ?	you would not dare to do it yourself , you scoundrel !	0
she could n't have walked out on us , could she ?	she could n't get away from us , right ?	1
ted , this is an incredible opportunity .	come on , ted . this is a huge opportunity .	1
there were benches that could seat perhaps a hundred people , but seldon and dors venabib were the only two people around .	do n't create an account	0
gromit , old pal .	gromit , old sport !	1
`` you interested in a deal ? '' he asked .	eric will be very angry .	0
tread in the brake .	hit the brake .	1
hey ! i 'm so tired . hey .	i 'm so tired .	1
vaughn , can you task a satellite over my position ?	toxicokinetic study plan for degradation products and avoidable substances ( iso 10993-16 : 2010 )	0
because it 's americans or because it 's nasa ?	it 's still weird . 'cause they 're american or because it 's nasa ?	1
i 'll pay for another one , i 'll pay for a better one .	i 'll pay you a different one .	1
'cause he does n't have any .	quick , jump like a rabbit .	0
what ? i 'm not a nun , like my sister !	is that my fate ?	0
she 's gon na have to stay here with us a very long time , philip .	he 'll have to stay here long , philip .	1
dust cloud ahead , sire . that 's it .	a cloud of dust in front of us , sire !	1
the floors of the house glittered with cool streams .	do you know where the meat processing plant is ?	0
it should be recalled that the previous application reports played an important role in the legislative process of directive 2008/6/ec .	someday you 'll drive someone too far , and who knows what people are capable of .	0
johnson : maybe not .	i understand , carl . you 're a genius .	0
echelon sent them itself !	echelon sends them .	1
tector , we need to recon the alien positions .	tector , we need a survey of alien positions .	1
and , you , put that football back . oh , this football .	the count sat speechlessly , his thoughtful blue eyes fixed on each speaker .	0
all this exotic garbage spews out before the wormhole disappears completely . ''	all this exotic waste is thrown out before the wormhole disappears. ``	1
i ca n't remember that far back .	david , go there .	0
that was crap .	bullshit .	1
however , the director none the less pointed out that there was no evidence of psychological harassment .	from unkempt pink shrubs exploded , a few of the last flowers were faded , and petals fell into the thorny tangle of them .	0
we 've been looking at the wyatt corp for about five years now .	wyatt corp has been in the viewfinder for 5 years .	1
make up your mind .	i do n't even know what anymore .	0
it 'll make you feel better .	`` from the garden , you bring flowers to the grain of our paths	0
and when you came back in , that 's when you set the alarm off ?	i know what !	0
lincoln : michael !	michael !	1
`` please excuse my bad manners , anjin-san .	oh , my god , what an hour , cyril .	0
can i meet them tomorrow ?	and his property ?	0
derivatives are also categorised in this category .	derivatives are also classified into this category .	1
|| cyhalofop-butyl ( iso ) ( cas rn 122008-85-9 )	| | cyhalopopbutyl ( iso ) ( cas rn 122008-85-9 )	1
i can jam , man .	it was too dark , we did n't see his face .	0
no , daddy amazing .	no , dad , `` fabulous . ''	1
shh ! she 's gon na say something .	quiet . now he 's gon na say something .	1
i got ta get back to work . i 'm late .	i have to go back to work .	1
hey , yeah , you got a context for me yet ?	i do n't like your hair .	0
but the surgeon i 've worked with the past three days ?	but what have you done for the last three days ?	1
cairbre ’ s speed was dazzling and he felt panic welling within him .	you got a name yet ?	0
lexx , i told you to blow up the moth ! i 'm sorry , stan .	i 'm sorry , stan .	1
the cherry varieties covered by the protected designation of origin belong to the following types :	ten orders ?	0
i have friends who know her , but ... - i never talked to her .	`` strange , our dear emancipor reese has uttered exactly the same words and in the same tone , it 's not even half a bell . ''	0
i 'll remind you , sir , that you are	judge : i remind you , sir , that you are	1
they handle all of europe except for austria and slovenia .	they are all over europe in addition to austria and slovenia .	1
someone once saw an old man ... walking around the dorms at night .	how did you know i lived here ?	0
my cigar , it was cuban .	he was cuban .	1
you will receive the ruling by registered mail and have eight days to appeal .	you will receive the recommendation by post , and you have 8 days to appeal .	1
danny , please shut up . you killed the love of my life .	it is composed primarily of alkali salts of various phenolic compounds . )	0
the enterpriseis far from federation space ...	the enterprise is far from federation space .	1
how blessed it would it be if we were as beautiful as ...	what kind of blessing would it be if we were beautiful like ...	1
every new game will have a random layout of the existing one in the list .	each new game will have a randomly chosen arrangement from the order list .	1
you have a great big mansion	you have a great big villa in brooklyn .	1
they framed him for a double homicide .	they threw a double murder on him .	1
i 'm hanging my photo ...	i hang my picture .	1
'are you sure ? '	he will perform well and will sire generations of outstanding hunters and gatherers if the age of innocence is within reach .	0
( humming ) five minutes , we 're good to go .	we can start in five minutes .	1
huh ?	mhm ?	1
law applicable to contractual obligations ( rome i ) ***i ( vote )	the cubans , of course , had everything from colombians because komlubians controlled everything .	0
rick ... we are not leaving his side .	sorry , what ?	0
he had a theory about that , but had not yet been able to act on it .	we need to get him in front of the sensor .	0
no 479/2008 ( * )	just for a minute , 'cause tomorrow i 'm going to the coach .	0
and janet blake ... who does n't like your painting very much . - no .	did you sell a lot of lime ?	0
'you could tell me a story , ' said creosote , trembling slightly .	vomiting feeling weakness	0
oh , yeah , if your lot want this back , `` mate , '' tell them to do it on the field .	still , there seemed to be an unusual number of fires , and smoke billowing from many nearby places .	0
you do n't know how my shit smells .	i want to offer him support in an electric chair .	0
`` i did not die . '' i know .	what kind of uniform is this ?	0
fuck . fucking hilarious ! hey .	that 's fucking funny !	1
there 's a parking space over there .	why do n't you just put me back in your cell and let me know when somebody comes in here to bail ?	0
you are tied to him ?	command is attempting to quantify casualties and losses , but we have little information .	0
of course , i 'm not as loaded as you !	of course , i 'm not as rich as you !	1
i can not arrest wolf , without an order from my superiors .	`` you know who ... ''	0
you dr. ferral ?	show view bar	0
they considered the result worth the cost of the means necessary to create it .	they regarded the result as the corresponding cost of the resources required for its creation .	1
10 the passengers boarded the aeroplane and remained there , awaiting departure , for a little over 2 hours , that is , until approximately 22.45 .	10 passengers boarded the plane and stayed a little longer than two hours in anticipation of the departure in it , and by 22 : 45 a.m .	1
are we going to pay it ?	because i have to record these sessions , and have your approval .	0
as if the million-dollar paycheck was n't thanks enough .	it 's as if a million-dollar check was n't enough .	1
christine got up as the officer rose from his chair .	one second , please .	0
maybe not .	why did n't you blind us with your philosophical thoughts ?	0
after you told us about the death threats , security guards are under strict instructions never to take their eyes off the crowd .	your doctor will tell you exactly when to inject .	0
we 'll talk to the witnesses .	we will hear witnesses .	1
you want me to confess to adultery ?	the council , on a proposal from the commission , will adjust the number of applicants allocated to the member states by its proportional reduction .	0
( f ) which may have been sweetened ;	'you damned traitor ! 'he hissed .	0
a pity that do n't understand me .	it 's a shame you do n't understand .	1
invalid mine count ; please enter a positive integer	yeah , but maybe it 'll help .	0
what you do with your personal time is your business .	and what you do in your free time is your business .	1
small , but english independent .	even if it 's time against us , we 'll do everything and see if we can do it .	0
dee , when your allergies act up , take out your nose ring . follow through !	colonel nascimento commanded me .	0
but there is a way for me to undo the evil i created .	but the evil i created can be reversed .	1
( b ) examine the mortality records during the quarantine ; ( c ) where relevant , check the aquaculture animals in the quarantine units .	drive does n't implement stop	0
the cure starts now . say it .	treatment starts , say it .	1
i 'd take it as an opportunity to make the first move ... to patch things up , make things right , sherry .	in your place , i 'd take it as a chance to make the first move , settle it , put things right .	1
you had what every man could ever dream ,	as soon as i can order a field court .	0
so when it gets dark , get in your bag , get under my poncho , say your prayers , you 'll be ok .	so when it gets dark , take off your backpack , get under my poncho , you better pray , and you might survive .	1
something funny ?	would you like some whiskey ?	0
if you kiss me and you feel bad about it , you 're meant to be with barney . ( sighs ) why not ?	if you kiss me and feel bad about it , you 're one of barney 's .	1
she knew who he was and what he knew . –i do n't und— –there were no drugs on that boat .	she knew who he was and what he knew .	1
i 'm not looking for an office worker . that 's not him .	i 'm not looking for people in the office .	1
no , she did n't have to , everybody knows .	no , she did n't have to .	1
filesystem entries with noauto and non-zero pass number	single-car filesystems and non-zero pass number .	1
i 'll send this to you , though .	i 'm sending it to you .	1
i 've been waiting for people to finally see the epic diva that is ms tina cohen-chang .	dead crickets fell out of the opening , hitting the floor with a dry tap .	0
the world was filled with the shrill cheeping of sparrows .	the world was full of shrill sparrow beeps .	1
i 'm gon na have to figure out how to do that .	i just have to think about how i 'm gon na do it .	1
you 've got goose pimples .	you have goose bumps .	1
is there no one ... no one here who can challenge us ?	is there anyone ... anyone who wants to challenge us ?	1
say that in english !	mao zedong even saw an `` invisible magic gun '' in his inner confession .	0
not yet . i think we 're going to have to wait for the autopsy on that one .	i think we 'll have to wait for the autopsy results .	1
where you been hiding yourself , boy ?	where were you hiding ?	1
maybe dr. chase should check .	maybe he should check on dr .	1
those oafs did nothing productive during their normal lifespans , so why should they want to live for centuries longer and accomplish even less ?	what kind of bullshit is that ?	0
is n't your cousin a book critic ?	what about your cousin , the critic ?	1
we 'll split a cab uptown .	and yours ? ``	0
china . get it ?	chinese , you know ?	1
you 've never been camping ?	for some races , rishathra could have been a means of mutual birth control , for another first turkey to close the trade .	0
well , that 's wonderful .	oh , that 's great .	1
more information : www.plesvopere.eu	read more : www.plesvopere.eu	1
they took frequent excursions to the alps .	i finally met a girl with strong legs , and that rat flexo will take it out on me !	0
`` i could have understood that , if that was all it was .	`` if that were the case , i would understand .	1
the only thing knocking here , hank , is opportunity .	those organisms are somehow intertwined ... with those from the museum , yes ?	0
how 's your own boy , miz cooper ?	i 've stumbled to adulthood , yet i have learned to separate my feelings from my life ... and to count on nothing .	0
take a ride with me .	someone will be sent .	0
you can live till your grandchildren come along to see your creaking smiles and your card tricks ...	you can live to be the age when your grandchildren will demand your tired smiles and card tricks ...	1
test the opening of the container by grabbing the straps of the rescue parachute and attempting to lift the parachute .	the end does not mean the transition and promise ; it is the emergence of a night that engages the old sense of the world .	0
hang on , is n't this your job ?	nicholas v	0
here you are .	do you think a magic watch will help you to your mouth ?	0
for several minutes , he continued silently flicking his fingers .	he continued to quietly knit his fingers for a moment .	1
give him some time , jan .	give him a little time , john .	1
so your success took a shot at you .	by adding the code , you force the reference integrity .	0
when they freed me , i ai n't have a penny to my name , eva .	when they freed me , i did n't even have a penny , eve .	1
article 26 ( 2 ) , points ( c ) to ( g )	oh , counselor ty , right ?	0
no one called aenea that during the time i knew her .	so he shot himself to start this war ?	0
okay , remember to ask questions about him .	all right , do n't forget to ask him about him .	1
because i need to record the sessions , and get your okay .	someone from our team .	0
you 're damien scott , delta force .	no .	0
no investments , no company retirement portfolio .	you should n't have kept watch .	0
i 'm not cross but you know how i worry when you travel .	i 'm not angry ... ... but you know how worried i am when you travel .	1
it 's fine .	it 's written on the label .	0
she ’ s not drunk .	i do n't see it growth anywhere except for the commemorative board of that murdered priest .	0
nicely done , kid .	good job , kiddo .	1
he returned with a huge steak , lightly done , which druss wolfed down , following it with a bottle of finest lentrian red .	carry out the mission .	0
i go and find backup ... ... they put you in another safe house , where you can be protected properly .	i 'll go find reinforcements , and i 'll put you in another safe house ... ... where you 'd be protected .	1
his wine .	orvolle , the wine .	1
well ... nuclear launch codes , that the moon walk was a fake , that roswell was n't , secret location .	i 'll tell her straight , sir .	0
ribs .	this calculation shall only apply to gmos containing combined transformations with the highest number of simple transformational events .	0
no one came to his aid .	and no one came to him for help .	1
you all had it coming the moment you sold your souls to conrad .	you asked for it when you sold the soul to conrad .	1
obviously , we know where we stand .	i told you to cut your nails regularly .	0
you 've turned out a dunce at college , and worse than that , you 've ... i wo n't say what the other thing is .	when he was a long way away from them and made sure no one was watching him , he allowed himself a broad smile .	0
only a couple of feet separate us from the vault .	is she from savoy ?	0
now that he did n't have to force himself to stay alert and hold the gun , the fever took hold .	`` does alice florrick have a drug dealer ? ''	0
you want to see spirits ?	'that is the last order of the warlord 's daughter , 'she whispered .	0
look at this . i want to show you something .	it 's hector !	0
stop it , please !	please !	1
cobb 's doing a scene from beantown buddies .	cobb 's playing a scene from his buddy beantown .	1
probable cause , my anklet putting me at the scene , dna --	you 're gon na have to put an end to this .	0
it 's like a ... like apull , like a darkness .	exactly .	0
were you farting in your sleep ?	( all approval must be given for the subject matter ) .	0
shigeru takagishi climbed off a kilometer below her .	ellie walked down the corridor to where nikki 's custody remained .	0
fucking why ?	why ! ?	1
despite my injuries , she treated me no different .	`` what-am i listening ? ''	0
do you wan na put that down , come inside ?	you want to put it away and go inside ?	1
aid no : xa 33/10 member state :	aid no : xa 33 / 10 member state :	1
there 's just something about you tonight that 's kind of cute .	you 're kind of cute today .	1
i do n't even remember what for .	all right , folks , here 's the bowl .	0
you 're so busy , you ca n't return my calls ?	are you so busy that you do n't answer my phone ?	1
give me the mailing list . jabberwock12 harvard e-d-u .	because , seriously , what are the chances ?	0
the question didnt make sense .	his aunt , as teppic thought , was crying unnecessarily theatrically , for she was in fact stiff as a heel of a rhino .	0
so , a reciprocating saw , a golf club with some lubricant .	i have some questions .	0
this is too terrible .	i 'd swear it was the ninth .	0
listen , i do n't what kind of ego trip you 're on , but ...	listen , i do n't know why you 're here , but ...	1
it 's the puta over there .	over there by the prostitute .	1
'careful now , careful , ' hissed groat , ignoring him .	`` be careful , now be careful , '' groat hissed , taking no notice of him .	1
you ca n't move columns between two frozen columns in a datasheet .	can not move columns between two anchored columns in a data sheet .	1
ln terms of audience ... it 's been one of the best .	as for the audience ... he 's one of the best .	1
also , the increase in pet prices in 2010/2011 was a worldwide phenomenon ( see recital ( 172 ) above ) .	the increase in pet prices in 2010-2011 was also a worldwide phenomenon ( see recital 17 above ) .	1
i say , of course , only normal that he 's late .	`` of course , it 's normal to be late . ''	1
all he saw were the eyes of a frightened kid .	he wanted to see anger and cunning in them , but he could only see the eyes of a frightened little child .	1
`` se rena !	wo n't he try to fuck us up ?	0
thank you . ... capricious to the last degree .	the cubs were still furiously chasing them , feeling warm blood , and were not about to give up their prey .	0
the inside of the car filled with her tinkling laughter .	the interior of the car filled with a ringing laugh .	1
captain nathan algren !	ladies and gentlemen , meet captain nathan algren !	1
she had been setting and her nest was n't crushed and had been covered by a piece of the fallen roof of the barn .	she should have had chickens and her nest was intact , though it was covered with a piece of collapsed roof .	1
nakor poured a small pile of white powder in his left hand , then put the lid back on the jar .	mitch was in no condition to think reasonably .	0
for this option you must already have run the database wizard to link a master to the table .	ask candace .	0
i do n't know , i 'm just not into the tshik-zilla thing .	hell , no .	0
but it 's a private residence—a house , is it not ? ''	what a surprise .	0
i did n't let him , i wanted to .	i wanted it .	1
these growers , after they crop out , it 's like they won the lottery . you can tell the ones who are selling it .	you 've been spoiling it all night .	0
jesus says ; come , for everything is made ready .	looks like we 're gon na have to find the left fusion injector .	0
you know , i 've not been sleeping or anything . so i just thought the best thing would be to get it really quiet .	`` zadus is his own bile , you arrogant scheming bitch . ''	0
fat , flabby faces with front-ways eyes ... ... no feathers , no beaks , and these ... these appendages .	they had fat , proud faces with strange eyes , no feathers , no beak , just like that , such strange tentacles .	1
why be soft and flabby when you can be firm and trim ?	why have a soft and limp body when you can be fit ?	1
you 're not fat . you 're just big-boned .	hold him , calm him down .	0
i just really wanted a girl . we just did n't bank on five girls .	i was a skinny , adopted kid who was n't worth anything in sport .	0
what six men had heaved to open , it appeared , could be easily tilted shut again by one .	what a lift-lift opened up to six men could easily close with the force of one .	1
and mike has grokked it most carefully and tells stinky he 's made a boy . ''	with all due respect to my friends at home , abu dhabi is the future .	0
these are aeronautical maps of the united states .	it 's the air map of the united states .	1
horse chestnuts may look like chestnuts , but they taste like a horse 's lower-than-chestnuts .	horse chestnuts may look like chestnuts , but they taste worse than normal chestnuts .	1
and those groups of genes are actually interacting with each other and with our environment .	i ) y.a.s . co .	0
he could drink martinis made with tears .	he could also drink a martini with human tears .	1
sorry .	but my wife is ... elsewhere .	0
( quietly ) : i 'm sorry .	and i love being ... ... still having sex with each other .	0
hey , you his trainer ?	you 're the coach ?	1
the arms of this knight ship detach ! we can break free ! it 's a separate ship !	if you have n't got anything , you 're dismissed .	0
push . on the count of three .	push , three !	1
i feel for you , man . really , i do .	i really feel for you , really .	1
should we not begin by finding a way to understand the language ?	should n't we try to understand this language ?	1
danielle , i cant .	danielle , i ca n't .	1
get in .	come on .	1
i got the number ...	i have a number .	1
we 're trying to find a reason for that now , and why , out of our whole crew , only certain people were affected .	while working at medusa conklin , he hurt the leg of a landmine , which was his great career as a field strategist .	0
mcnamara fought them down to 1000 as the compromised number .	`` like a major gold store ? ''	0
i 'm sure by now you 've heard . terrible thing .	no .	0
well , that 's what i 'm kind of struggling with at this moment .	well , that 's what i 'm struggling with right now .	1
these people we wasted here today ... ... are the finest human beings we will ever know .	if he could do that , they 'd be one step further away to rule out what it all meant for them .	0
saw you with washington 's widow .	washington 's widow too .	1
i work with you at the hospital .	'welcome , beatrice - my woman , 'he said .	0
failed to create k3b project .	error creating k3b project .	1
so i went to fix him his favorite kind of cat food , courry brand .	i want a story , a passion , you know ?	0
what do you think ? should i go ?	what do you think ?	1
come , i 'll give you a lift .	come on , i 'll give you a ride .	1
radio device .	former high judge declares she is innocent	0
i 'll go check the manufacturer .	i 'm going to find out at the manufacturer .	1
you 'll have to clean and stitch that wound soon .	the wound needs cleaning and stitching .	1
what you really want is to know ... why you ?	because i 'm crazy competitive .	0
huh ? oh , yes .	he has already been cleared and approved in advance at the u.s. embassy in london .	0
tristan and marissa came to a wide thoroughfare totally jammed with double-decker buses and stalled traffic .	tristan and marissa reached the wide highway completely blocked by two-story buses and stationary cars .	1
we have sent ships out to search for her , all the way back to the free cities .	we 've sent more ships to search for him , from here to the free city .	1
no , you got me mixed up with someone else . please , i need to talk to you .	no , you mistook me for someone else .	1
the cop car has n't started .	the police car did not start .	1
listen , i have n't seen you around town lately .	are you all right ?	0
well , i guess it runs in the family .	i thought i was n't talking about sean .	0
you 're all smart or you would n't be here .	you 're smart .	1
witchcraft , curses , spirits , that kind of thing .	he reached into the refrigerator to take out more hamburgers .	0
your pig ! your fucking shit !	you know --	0
i 'm going to go in and say hello to my lot , unless you need me .	i 'm going to say hello to the staff if you do n't need me .	1
or to free our hands for weapons .	or they released their hands for weapons .	1
i can make the women talk .	well , then , i 'm penelope .	0
while hitler 's inner-circle is struggling to regroup ... we 'll have the momentum we need to seize control in berlin .	as far as elvis is concerned , it 's a shame .	0
opposition dismissed in part decision of the board of appeal :	but now , with his untrained voice , rhombur was simply singing without an escort .	0
real simple ; bomber plants the device , waits for the targets to show up , presses a button .	really simply ; bomb 's attacker prides the device , waits when the goals are shown and presses the button .	1
the way it lays out now that either we 're all leaving this planet together ,	you 're a lucky man .	0
in the end , he could n't bear ... to look at his own face in the mirror .	when you joined the cia and gave up everything you ever did , did it ever occur to you to bring you here ?	0
the generators must be massive .	the generators for such an extensive energy barrier must be enormous .	1
second-hand equipment .	equipment from the other hand .	1
get on the train .	jump on the train .	1
the cut in employment seen in the period concerned was in the same order of magnitude as the decrease of the market .	i wanted to release her before i sold it .	0
but i did n't get to ...	but i did n't get into it .	1
the bullet cluster you almost see right after the two clusters have passed through one another , whereas the musket ball cluster has had more time to separate .	you can almost see two coppers going through one over the other , while a bunch of musharatch missiles have had more time to separate .	1
jake took one and susannah the other .	but you have to know that i 'm the boss and you 're an employee .	0
so please do n't do this .	and finally i found this .	0
or did you forget that you owe me , that you 'd be dead if it was n't for me ?	would you be dead if it was n't for me ?	1
if that is the case , you will help me and i will say nothing of your behaviour .	if you do , you will help me .	1
is that all you have ?	is that all you can do ?	1
did you check on the bear ? - eight .	i know that .	0
smart guy , huh ?	i 'd start by wiping out fat from the duck chest .	0
i expect a full account from each side in less than two arns .	i expect a full report from both sides to two arns .	1
it will now be examined what in the light of the previous observations these requirements entail for the waste directive .	it will now be reviewed , as follows from those requirements , in the light of the above considerations for the waste directive .	1
don 't make me care for you .	no one knows , but we 're still going .	0
it is important that credit rating agencies are prevented from using this information for other activities .	so chase argued with his parents .	0
you 've goth be honest with yourself and everybody about what you want .	you have to be open to yourself and everyone ... about what you want .	1
i only have a few days left before they catch me .	please listen to this frequency .	0
visiting mr. delfino .	he visits mr. delfina .	1
maybe we should try communicating with it ?	the door was open on cue .	0
you'il get your ending once the duke gets his ... end in .	`` what life am i in ?	0
can i get one more ? - only one bag .	do you want me to argue with you while he 's dying ?	0
still , it 's been really good to meet you both , though , and we had a lovely lunch .	but it was so nice to meet you guys and lunch was great .	1
i was shawna back then .	where ... ?	0
so when do you head home ?	he was farther away .	0
we think it 's a link to a soviet bio-weapon ... ... called silent night .	we think it might have some connection to the soviet experiment ... ... on behalf of silent night .	1
look , mrs. bartlett , to be honest , i think he has a lot of potential .	look , mrs. bartlett , i honestly think she has a great potency .	1
going up your leg now .	now he 's climbing your leg .	1
she saw cramer and went stiff .	she saw cramer and stiffened .	1
now , larger objects will more likely be affected . people , cars , airplanes .	bigger victims will be more influenced as humans , cars , planes	1
if we 're lucky , it will halt the degeneration and maybe reverse its effects .	with a bit of luck it will stop a degeneration and maybe reverse the effect .	1
proceed as follows :	follow the following :	1
work out , plenty of rest . you know , eat your green vegetables .	you have to practice , rest and eat a lot of vegetables .	1
| acetate | viscose , cupro , modal or cotton	| acryl	1
we 're having a very nice lafite , and i 'd like to toast your health .	we have a delicious lafite and i 'd like to toast you .	1
i wanted to help in some way .	even if you do n't sign up , you can get a ride .	0
could n't come at a worse time .	he could n't have chosen a worse time .	1
hope he 's got really papery skin and big yellow teeth . ''	the product , which was because of the affection the greeks treat him , and his particular status in their diet described as a `` national dish . ''	0
he dropped one somali with the best shot he 'd over made .	one somali was hitting the best shot he could have .	1
she asked , “ why not go faster than sound ?	`` then why do n't we go faster than sound ? '' she asked .	1
a plasma charge . next-generation destructive power .	okay . how are you ?	0
i think there 's more food on this menu than there is in the kitchen .	`` parts of 321. and 35 . ''	0
korlat had decided to ride alone , taking a route longer than the others - through the city .	i grew up in an environment where this was the rule and where an alternate shape was ever more frequent than the original one .	0
the new ms increased their collective contribution by 53 % in real terms .	true hemp ( cannabis sativa l. ) , raw or processed but not transmitted ;	0
the establishment plan increases staffing numbers by 37 posts , brining the maximum permissible number of temporary agents to 567 .	he did n't take it all wrong .	0
we did that . you 're here to help us reactivate the discovery and its computer systems ... ... because that is united states territory .	mr. mickelson ... could you join us , please ?	0
lying on his back , he watched the ramp slowly rise , blot out the sky , then lock and seal .	kwest url scale daemon	0
ender noted quietly that this was the first time another launchy from his own class had sat with him at a meal .	ender noted that he had taken a pheasant from his own class for the first time .	1
oh , no . chewbacca .	well , pugsley likes me .	0
it 's a crazy , crazy world where worry is the root of all troubles	it 's a crazy , crazy world .	1
thomas had been crowned near the end of along , bitter winter .	mr. perezi de la torre .	0
great , good for you .	now withdraw the charges .	0
doctor , i thought you ' d never call .	audio in mp3 format	0
i 'm waking up .	i wake up .	1
go on .	go on , get out of here .	1
i should leave town .	yeah , i 'm better , thanks .	0
that 's why i tried to really , really save her . i mean , i tried to save her .	uther 's sword hurt wotan at the hip , but a fierce riposte ended in the king 's thigh .	0
`` there !	`` see !	1
yeah ? / ... would you get off with me ?	they wo n't let you get any closer to the car .	0
it 's hard to get fat on a vegan diet .	we can call the locksmith .	0
-v , -- set= , -- variable=name=value set psql variable name to value	she knew everything , like the steps of some long-rehearsed dancing .	0
`` it was a lonely house , twenty miles from here , over the range yonder .	it was an abandoned house , twenty miles from here , beyond the mountain range .	1
come on up .	`` dale , in his hand , finished his horse , waited expectantly .	0
you proved something last night that philosophers have wondered across time immemorial .	this is babli	0
we'il need a list .	we 'll need a list .	1
at the moment , rhombur simply enjoyed singing in his rough voice , without any accompaniment .	shall i keep him indefinitely ?	0
come on . i 'd feel silly on my own .	what on earth are you doing here ?	0
as i returned , my chair was quite wet .	when i came back , i had a completely wet seat .	1
kahlan swallowed back the sudden terror welling up in her throat .	kahlan could not swallow the sudden horror that gripped her throat .	1
theo never hires anyone he ca n't party with	`` i 'm inclined to believe he 's watching , commodore , so money or production priorities are n't a problem .	0
will you go or not ?	id for the local staff of consular posts :	0
i know what 's going on .	the innocents pulled out of the mom 's skirt .	0
how long you been dating this guy ?	what 's going on , lex ?	0
you take care , now .	take care of yourself .	1
you 're just overreacting !	i want to know what they were and where they 're going !	0
date of issue :	`` you know , you did n't finish , martin , '' he said in a low , sad voice .	0
you got , what you wanted !	but her cloak was really beautiful , and he was reaching almost to the ground .	0
an actor who boards a mysterious ship like this one searching for keyser sose .	1708 - own nippon music foundation ; lent ( sergey khachatryan )	0
an american option allows you to exercise the option — to actually buy the stock — any time from the time you have the option until the expiration .	how do i prevent the end of the world ?	0
he trusted elena would prevent any unnecessary alarm , planetside .	`` what do you think ? ''	0
he 'd be going to the office every day , so ...	he went to work every day , so ...	1
besides , i do n't really think you even need me anymore .	besides , i do n't think you need me .	1
instead of making carmela deaf , should have made her mute !	sit down over there .	0
the audit of expenditure shall be carried out on the basis both of commitments undertaken and payments made .	despite the deluded impossibility of embarking on such a task , the media embarked on describing the indescribable one with morbid vehemence .	0
as educationists , we have never asked for technology ; we keep borrowing it .	we educators have not asked for technology ; we simply borrow them .	1
i need one more .	`` was it effective ? ''	0
is it really wise to go back and let a thought like that out ?	is it really wise to come back and let it come out ?	1
you 're getting nearer , james !	he 's not my son .	0
he 'll return now that i paid .	mathias , helen , you were right .	0
just make sure you call me at 10:00 .	just call me at ten .	1
have faith , my love .	landale wanted his money now .	0
i fancy i see your grace 's checkbook upon your desk .	i 'm pleased to see your grace 's checkbook on the table .	1
choose words with care .	choose your words carefully .	1
nobody wants to see anybody else get hurt !	no one wants something to happen to anyone !	1
multiple media .	more media	1
it 's you . the guy from london .	the one from london .	1
narrator : in the year 2133 ... ... the world was plunged into an era of devastation and chaos .	lando looked at him .	0
and he chooses to work in our lives 'cause he loves us , 'cause he 's good .	we were swimming .	0
`` at least when you go , '' she said , `` you could give me help as far as the road .	`` if you have to go , '' she whispered , `` you could help me get on the way .	1
well , now we 're goin ' best of seven .	well , now it 's seven .	1
you could say he just ... ... dropped out of the sky and ... ... bang !	you could say he swooped out of the sky and ... boom !	1
no mythy-mountain shit ; real telepathy .	heaven takes forever .	0
yes , we met at church and are crazy in love , but we 're waiting till marriage .	the prevailing economic interest of a single regional unit is concentrated in the region where it is located .	0
they should be further built upon and backed up by eu resources ;	they should further expand and support from eu funds ;	1
arthur was the high king everyone had hoped for ... ..and guinevere , his queen .	popov hoped that his words did not sound superior ; but hunnicutt is an ordinary technocrat , and he will not be known in humans .	0
is that such a terrible thing ?	is it terrible ?	1
with investors neutral to risk , every additional crown of yield represents the same additional amount of utility , which the linear utility function corresponds to .	in the case of risk-neutral investors , each additional krona is equivalent to the same amount of benefits , which is equivalent to linear utility function .	1
kleitus 's ship docked .	vertical blinds : 2 : 00 :	0
computer servers .	servers .	1
i have a hard time with disappointment .	his hands moved slightly over her body .	0
what do you mean by 'innocent ' ?	i have a meeting with senora parry 's secretary , uribe .	0
i came to this stupid place and pretended to be well-adjusted , did n't i ?	i came to this stupid place and pretended to be well adjusted , right ?	1
unh ! are you guys ordering pancakes ?	did you order pancakes ?	1
so our vic burns his fingerprints off , but this little contraption can still tell who he was ?	so even though our victim got rid of his fingerprints , this little machine can still tell us who he was ?	1
how do you never understand women , but yet , you fuck so many of them ?	how come you do n't understand women so much , and you fuck them up so much ?	1
there are six emergency exits .	we have three emergency exits .	1
the outcome of the surveillance mission carried out by the commission in accordance with article 10a shall be taken into account .	the outcome of the inspection visits carried out by the commission , in accordance with article 10a , is taken into account .	1
he was accused of an attack on the governor of judea .	he was charged with assault on the prosecutor .	1
i mean , it 's all good , right ? it 's all good until you need money .	all right , until you need the money .	1
his purse . come on , louie .	everyone has something else to do .	0
'cause if you kill me , gail ... you 're gon na spend the rest of your life ... wonderin ' if you had to kill me .	you 'll be miserable your whole life ... if you have to ... kill me .	1
i do n't know why she 'd do this .	you know me , i do n't know why he does it .	1
you know , upstairs in the hospital , they got this whole ward of guys from 'nam .	you know , upstairs in the hospital ... there 's a room with the guys from vietnam .	1
we 've got -- ben jahrvi ?	ben jahrvi ?	1
seal the access corridors ... and lead them into c-5 .	lock down the access corridors ... .. .and lead them into a c-5 .	1
help !	help me .	1
these are routine clauses in conventions and do not require particular comment .	there are provisions commonly used in conventions and not requiring special comment .	1
no , that would be premature .	even though i conquered them , i left my place ... ... alongside my master ... ... to fight the attackers .	0
no , he seems ok .	no , she looks okay .	1
help me !	help me , please .	1
just do what ?	what are you gon na do ?	1
those innocent and heroic hunters were surprised by yuli 's stratagem .	another opinion of grassau , germany democratic republic of televised staff had a great day .	0
the eu has challenged a number of these measures in the wto and bilaterally , and will continue to do so .	the eu has contested many of these measures at the wto and under bilateral relations and will continue to pursue its repeal .	1
it 's luca canali ,	you ca n't bring me back to my life ... where i have to put my food ... in order .	0
i know , it 's tragic .	i know , it 's sad .	1
officials believe deterioration of silicone insulation ... on an electrical connector to the scavenger pump ... may have leaked combustible fluids .	`` i 'm sure he is n't , '' garion replied firmly .	0
`` you might believe that even if your body were destroyed here , your atman would be transferred remotely to another body located elsewhere .	`` you might think that even if your body had gotten hurt , your attire might have taken on a different body somewhere far away .	1
come on , let 's go , kid .	come on , son .	1
let me and the boys go down there after they go dark ... -burn those fuckers to the ground . -no .	let me and the men get down there after dark , and we 'll bring the bastards to the ground .	1
that 's very flattering .	i 'm very flattered .	1
oh , sire , she was so marvelous all those evil days .	waffles , waffles !	0
'and you , leoman . '	`` you , too , leoman . ''	1
it does n't work that way .	that 's not how it works .	1
it 's just something i wan na tell you . - then tell me now . no , i 'll tell you tomorrow .	`` i have n't been home in forever .	0
i ca n't see shit .	hey , scott , stop there .	0
the setting for the sourcedoc property may be invalid , or the file may have been deleted , renamed , or moved .	there was a smell of rot in the room now , weak , but he continued to grow .	0
why ? too much gossip about your girls in newspapers and magazines ?	are they talking too much in newspapers and magazines ?	1
no , dad , face it ... you 're not retired anymore because mom blew through your savings by buying all that shit !	do n't you have a brain ?	0
he never touched you , and i never passed out ...	he never touched you , and he never collapsed .	1
i 'll be alright . ''	we 'll find another investor first , and we 'll tell him of your plan to conquer england. ``	0
private chaplain to charles louis , elector palatinate .	charles louis ' private chaplain , whore .	1
see how you did that ?	i want a belt .	0
oh , god , i would have killed you at birth ... had i thought you would even entertain such an idea .	did anyone die ?	0
somebody in this wee shithole of a town is going to die .	she heard the shower leak .	0
you are so dumb you make me puke .	and those will not rest until they destroy me and those who are my loved ones .	0
thank you for meeting me , mr. webber .	thank you again for the meeting , mr. weber .	1
i 'm just messin ' with you .	i 'm just teasing you .	1
maybe brimmer told us he disabled it .	maybe brimmer told us he disconnected .	1
following discontinuation of novothirteen the patient ’ s neutrophil count returned to levels similar to those prior to treatment with novothirteen .	subsequent discontinuation of novothirteen has returned the amount of neutrophils in this patient to a similar level as before treatment with this medicine .	1
go to the mirror in the bedroom , will you ?	the greek authorities have so far failed to implement changes in european legislation in national legislation authorising the co-financing of the operating capital of smes .	0
would you want to do the honors ?	would you like the honor ?	1
i will pay for it , do what i say !	i 'm paying you , so you 're gon na do what i say .	1
which aster corps are trying very hard to talk me out of .	like who 's going to live and who dies , but please .	0
great . thank you .	i should also go back to melman 's , and i 'll have a good place to search in case i 've missed something before .	0
hey , joe ...	well , it 's our product , but , yeah , i wanted to bring you in .	0
so you heard loud screaming ? then a gunshot ? woman :	did you hear a loud scream and then a shot ?	1
make him responsible for that mess at the hospital .	blame him for the trouble at the hospital .	1
is your uncle 's name martin gascoigne ? - yeah .	your uncle is martin gascoigne ?	1
honey , what kind do you want ? all right !	i slept next to the same woman 40 years ago . rest in peace .	0
let 's go , kids !	and he turned to watch the fight .	0
hence , foxxy is now acting like a racist stereotype .	that 's why foxxy acts according to racist stereotypes .	1
`` however , the data on the lorelei defenses are of more immediate military interest . ''	`` in terms of military interest , however , there are more recent data on defense of lorelei . ''	1
it 's just that being a teacher was all i ever , ever wanted to do .	just being a teacher was all i had .	1
nothing we build lasts .	let 's have a drink with my colleague lech .	0
this part of the battle , whiskeyjack concluded , was finished .	whiskeyjack decided this part of the battle was over .	1
`` and what about the rest of the.. , fleet ? ''	`` what about the rest of that ... navy ? ''	1
according to legend there was once a time when master shifu actually used to smile .	legends say there were times when master shifu even managed to smile .	1
damon rested his mouth against his hand , watched the fragmentary record roll past , sick at his stomach .	just visiting .	0
come here .	come on . come on .	1
martha : i 'll see what it is .	i 'll see what it is .	1
and winners are credible .	and winners are smart .	1
sulley ?	sully ?	1
she looked like the kind of person who asked questions .	yes , i 'll lead you .	0
his hand on the gun under his coat , bond softly approached his door .	i ca n't believe i 've never been here before .	0
50 the commission therefore submits that the vote-counting rules in article 205 ec which are peculiar to the regulatory procedure do not apply in the present case .	we 're exactly what you see around .	0
i just love their innocence . their thick little minds .	i like their innocence .	1
the goblin eased himself back down , fighting the dull pain that came from his chest .	the goblin laid down again , fighting a dull ache that came out of his chest .	1
it 's gon na take about half an hour to take effect .	it will take about half an hour before it works .	1
potraviny auto turman , s.r.o .	prodej a servis motocyklů a příslušenství .	1
why do n't we combine what you 're doing with our lesson , and you 'll finish in no time .	... the door opens to the side .	0
they still putting visiting agents up at those crappy hotels by the airport ?	are they still keeping agents-visitors in those poor hotels at the airport ?	1
face forward , baker .	baker .	1
it said so in time magazine .	and can you tell me how this happened ?	0
worrying about your children is sanity .	worrying about your baby is logical .	1
it 's just we need to find zi ...	we just have to find zi ... thea .	1
oooh . - `` oooh , '' yeah .	i saw amy behind the counter ...	0
i 'll go first , and then you follow	i 'll go first , you follow me .	1
how many of us begin a new record with each day of our lives ?	how many people open a new account every day of their lives ?	1
don ’ t think .	do n't think .	1
there 's a woman ...	the appropriate pictograms must also be placed inside the vehicle in close proximity to the wheelchair or reserved seat .	0
my roommate ... she 's nice ... but she 's from pakistan and she speaks almost no english and she 's always watching that al jazeera channel .	my roommate is nice ... but he 's from pakistan , and he barely even speaks anglican , and he 's still looking at that al jazeera channel .	1
screw him , that queer !	search the inn and taverns around the docks .	0
25 . - what game ?	what game ?	1
come on , run that way .	come on , run over there .	1
he was n't supposed to do that .	he should n't have done that .	1
well , hewas married .	dr. trang !	0
they 're after us !	i knew lady loyse was staying with the kories in the border stronghold .	0
obviously i did n't walk like this .	i do n't know when we 'll be back .	0
actually , if you do n't mind ,	but if you do n't mind ,	1
it 's joey , by the way .	and you were wrong .	0
i distinctly remember , you walked out my door , ergo ...	please , just come .	0
what do you feel , my troubled soul ?	what do you call my restless heart ?	1
i thought maybe if you could you know , squeeze us in .	we 're kissing asses .	0
well , i could prove to you with hard numbers that a merger would make you more money .	i want two more .	0
mm . where have you been ?	fucking come with me .	0
he could 've gotten away .	but he could have escaped .	1
no ! no . i 'm not doing that .	no , no , i do n't .	1
you have n't left yet ?	you 're not going yet ?	1
andreas mölzer on discrimination against churches in turkey ( 0076/2006 )	i want to see him well .	0
after so many hours down here , you ’ re no judge of anything .	after so many hours down here , we ca n't judge anything .	1
i saw the a.v.h.men through my office window -- a car and at least three people on foot . yeah .	do you want to have lunch or does your father want to see his girl ?	0
he gradually began to go downhill .	yes , i could write .	0
they were leading a man who had his arms bound behind him .	they led a man with his hands tied behind his back .	1
i admire your mother as i admired your wise grandparents . ''	i admire your mother , just like i admired your grandparents. ``	1
this is the real problem .	dig deep and break the tape !	0
east fort !	tyler ?	0
my mind is a blank ... ... and i 'll smash your face for you , yarblockos .	ouch !	0
plus i 'm hoping my leg muscles will atrophy so i wo n't be tempted to use them .	if you need help ...	0
we have been trying to connect the five senatorial candidates from the photos .	mother , you promised to be polite .	0
through the wads of cotton in his ears , beezer 's voice sounds small and tinny .	frere 's voice is soft and brittle , through the palm of his ears .	1
you 're like the perfect cliché of the perennial western doctor ...	i 'll get sim-pal !	0
the impact forced the air from jack 's lungs and bloodied his elbows where they rested .	jesus said : come on , it 's all done .	0
i do n't know who he was .	i do n't know him .	1
good , how are you ? - good .	rendez-vous stands at the centre of events associated with the media programme , and is an opportunity for commissioner vassiliou to meet with filmmakers and policymakers in film-making .	0
idaho cocked his head slightly to the right .	idaho cocked his head .	1
next time we play golf , i 'm gon na bury you . mm-hmm .	i 'll bury you next time .	1
and what are you going to do then . hm ?	i honestly do n't understand .	0
the men were talking of that now .	the men had just spoken .	1
in a retrospective study conducted in several french centres , 200 patients with cushing ’ s disease were followed between 1995 and 2012 .	in a retrospective multicentre study performed in france , 200 patients with cushing 's disease were watched in 1995-2012 .	1
to play against who ?	you 're still standing .	0
well , okay . thanks .	thank you .	1
you 're brilliant , of course , but it was your imagination .	of course you 're brilliant .	1
i 'm sick of scratching aroundin rock and bone ... making assumptions about the nurturing habits of animals ... that have been dead for 65 million years .	aurora , come see .	0
but it is a pity that no partner for acrobatics was found for her , because she could be very promising .	it 's just a shame not finding a partner for acrobatics for her , because she had excellent assumptions .	1
shilling . - oh , shilling !	oh , yeah , a shilling .	1
just do it !	just go !	1
really , superman was the first crusader for social justice in comics .	seriously , superman was the first campaigner for social rights in comics .	1
he walked away from the table and stood by the closed door , hands in his labcoat pocket .	he stepped away from the cart and stood with his hands in the pockets of his lab coat to a closed door .	1
wait . does that say `` billy joel ? ''	what the fuck !	0
sorry . everybody get in there .	i 'm sorry .	1
ash drew a deep breath and consulted an electronic memo pad .	ash took a deep breath and consulted the electronic recorder .	1
have a seat , son , right now .	sit down , son .	1
the number one rule is do n't take things personally .	how do you feel today ?	0
i was sent here .	unfortunately , the explosion comes once , twice a century .	0
you , captain hunt told you to share .	you , captain hunt told him to shoot .	1
it 's not as though you can pretend his fears have no foundation .	you ca n't pretend there 's no reason for your fear .	1
the military launched a major effort to help those affected .	what 's going on !	0
i know you all are in there !	i know you 're there .	1
hey , thanks for ...	dazi , would you like some pork jelly ?	0
sieben , his passion spent during the last two hours with her , gave a weary smile .	in those circumstances , it is even more premature to talk about the departure of us troops .	0
we said the shooter - i do n't know what the hell you 're talking about .	if the action for delay is successful , the consumer may bring an action for damages .	0
gently , or , you know , whatever $ 100 will get us .	`` now he 'll know what he 's fighting for . ''	0
you want us on the road with the marshals ?	he 's seen it all .	0
tried the owner .	i called the owner .	1
i was just curious , but it's-	i was just wondering , but it 's ...	1
of course i am .	of course it 's me .	1
don , the party 's at 2:00 .	now you have to go .	0
you 're out of your mind !	you 're crazy !	1
even if you do n't sign up for one you 'll go on a fun ride .	it 's a coincidence that horace is in aldershot .	0
ratty tells me you 're looking for someone .	the rat man told me you were looking for someone .	1
it 's awesome .	they request permission to send the shuttlecraft .	0
lucky guess .	the german does n't speak french . `` where are the other germans ? ''	0
then i guess we all just caught a lucky break !	i guess we were lucky !	1
i 'll come again tomorrow .	`` yes , '' he murmured to himself in his own tongue , `` these organs act as a compass ... and more .	0
who do you like tonight , jay ? jay ?	i 'm following your distress protocols .	0
i met this doctor who knows her .	what about what , dude ?	0
i removed car doors all day long .	can you even imagine what it feels like to see your brother ...	0
so i can get a recording contract .	to get a record contract .	1
`` like kicking it in the wossnames ? '' said nobby , interestedly .	the team had worked confidently and timely ... not even a patient would have asked for more .	0
it makes you laugh , it makes you wail , all in a moment , this strange tale .	you do this .	0
he disappeared , apparently adjusting the flame under the skillet .	he disappeared again , probably to dim the fire under the frying pan .	1
a lobby boy anticipates the client 's needs before the needs are needed .	if you have to .	0
your parents must have gone to a lotta retard camps to find her .	so i knew that you were chosen and the prophecies of the holy texts were fulfilled .	0
error object returned when failing to instantiate a template .	the error object returned in the case of an error .	1
well , that 's simply not what mr. tanaka told me on the phone earlier today . - no , no .	what about the camera in the shower ?	0
mrs. paley , mrs. paley , don't-	it 's been written in time magazine .	0
a decision may be taken to make no award under a specific partial invitation to tender .	they both stared at the fatal wheels for a moment .	0
you 're right , i do deserve that .	despite their false origin , they were powerless against the combined strength of tomas 's arm and his influence .	0
64 – ibid. , paragraph 46 and case-law cited .	if you 're not specific , you should n't say anything .	0
home engineering activities services	home engineer activities offer	1
'dears , i do n't claim to know anything about finance .	`` oh , darlings , i 'm not saying i know anything about finance .	1
i may be ++++ ... but i still believe in jesus wants me for a sunbeam .	bredoteau ...	0
it 's a fricking castle !	you get used to them .	0
`` i 'm sure we can satisfy you . ''	`` i think we can convince you . ''	1
admiral . - nurse .	admiral .	1
dawkins got it from the car he stole . but the call history was erased .	the pretorians lowered their weapons and were immediately taken to prison by the marine corps .	0
she never told my father .	and i knew you 'd completely forget me .	0
tony 's coming back tonight . he 'll show you .	`` anita , what if we landed somewhere near the ship between the rocks and came close to her in the dark ... ''	0
`` what is happening to our country ? ''	what 's going on with our country ?	1
boy , this pizza 's boss !	a curtain was drawn across the rear window .	0
it 's better you get sick now than on saturday .	you 've gotten into trouble together , you have to get out of this together .	0
what 's going to happen now ? please do n't hurt me .	please do n't hurt me .	1
new feed coming online in 15 seconds .	she 's living here so great , with a view of the park and everything .	0
then he looked at his partner with frightened eyes and nodded .	i think we both know what will happen to figo .	0
i mean , i really did it , did n't l ?	i think i handled him , did n't i ?	1
and to go to the police ?	i hope it will remedy my failure in raetii. ``	0
somewhere in here lost in one of his games .	he 'll be here somewhere in one of his games .	1
but now it was the turn for bel 's eyes to widen , staring with sudden attention at ekaterin .	and if you suggest me as a candidate for the vice president , it 's a great honor for me .	0
well ... babe , i mean ...	oh , baby , i think ...	1
i began to think out what i should do .	if i were a prostitute , i 'd be damned expensive .	0
the voice was a barely audible monotone ; his pipe was unceremoniously stuffed into his vest pocket and his flesh was the color of chalk .	another one of your kind .	0
so you dodged the treason conviction .	great !	0
so is this kid going to give up the device or what ?	and does this guy turn up the device or what ?	1
but if i had to pick a favorite , i would go with the yellow-eyed demon .	but if i have to choose my favorite , i want to go with the yellow eyes of the demon .	1
oh , you mean this one it 's from a girl , who stayed with us .	rebecca , i ca n't go with you , but you have to go .	0
yeah ...	you can take as much cash as you can in an atm .	0
you the master mechanic .	how you doing ?	0
she 's an immigration defense attorney . oh .	cordelia would have embraced him for that .	0
by what ? exactly .	you 're married ?	0
the total passenger basis of lista airport is 32 000 people .	the total number of passengers at lista airport is 32,000 people .	1
wise words are like arrows flung at your forehead .	you see , we assumed it was a cascade failure , remember ?	0
that makes you a cow .	connect to mount ( real )	0
the door will open straight out .	i thought maybe we could pick someone up .	0
to be honest , she 's not that pretty .	the sword hit the floor and burst into flames .	0
my mother died when i was a kid .	she died when i was little .	1
his heart rate and blood pressure are up --	his pulse and blood pressure are high .	1
i 'm gon na have to call tech support .	i 'll call the tech .	1
that 's tom hammerschmidt , the executive editor .	you mean tom hammersmith , chief editor ?	1
how dare you ?	i 'll make it by the end of the month .	0
why did we retire ?	why did we pull back ?	1
i think i 'll leave home today .	i think i 'm leaving this house today .	1
what i 'd like to know next is how you felt , what you were thinking about , when you did it ?	shit , there 's a draft !	0
`` anita , if we can get down on the rocks somewhere near the ship , and creep up unobserved in that blackness ... . ''	and will ...	0
i have n't even started studying for finals yet .	i have n't started my exams yet .	1
xoanon : fascinating .	what would this white house do without you , mellie ?	0
what big claws you have . '' ' `` 'mother !	what a big paw you 've got. `` '' `` mommy !	1
ê 338/97 recital 6 ( adapted ) ( 6 )	go , daddy prepared the chicken .	0
heading 6502 does not cover hat shapes made by sewing , other than those obtained simply by sewing strips in spirals .	paging files bytes	0
take her out , confess your feelings .	ask her out , confess .	1
it 's a little early in the day , do n't you think ?	and besides , he 's going to have to provide some tool .	0
rick , you know ...	take care of it , saul .	0
you 're the customer withthe most culture , i 've ever served .	he 'll be fine .	0
i asked you to meet with me to suggest that there might be two options available to you .	i asked you to meet me to tell you that you have two options .	1
article 29 : former article 32 without comments .	article 29 :	1
i'il make gravy out of your little girl , just to season that black lrish cocksucker 's meat .	good job , carl !	0
nah , i had a big breakfast . oh , and i do n't want to look fat in the chair .	so far we 've been in paris , morocco , in alaska	0
let us return to camp .	it 's a competition between a couple of guys to see who will bring the ugliest entourage .	0
we are what we pretend to be , so we must be careful what we pretend to be - kurt vonnegut	but you have n't yet picked a flower .	0
the eesc warmly welcomes the fact that provision is made for exports to proceed on a temporary basis , while further efforts are made to obtain explicit consent .	paul looked at her - then again on stilgar .	0
on 15 october 2010 , the final plenary of the fifth cop/mop adopted the supplementary protocol .	tell us where you 've been hiding lately .	0
that 's the daniels ' secret sauce .	it 's my dad 's secret sauce .	1
if we want you dead , you 'd have been no longer drawing breath in miami .	if we wanted you to be dead , you would n't be breathing miamsky air any longer .	1
a young priest in white robes walked by her , bowing as he passed .	there was a young monk in white robes and bowed to her on the way .	1
but at least i ruled out the usual suspects .	yeah , you made it perfectly clear .	0
hey , what do you read ?	what do you want to read ?	1
this allows the platform to take appropriate action , including taking down the offer from the site concerned .	this allows the platform to take appropriate measures , including removing the offer from a given website .	1
eastern european ( 1250 )	if we take it , we can shoot her .	0
just think of it as kind of a big cow .	she went for a couple of hours and then she left .	0
i did not directly oppose the party , because i told myself that it was not my job	i did n't defend the party directly because i thought it was n't my job .	1
careful there .	i 'm out of money .	0
it might be kinda rough .	i guess it 'll be a little hard .	1
psychiatry is an effort to probe into the dark , undiscovered world of the mind .	val is a great choice .	0
oh , you guys suck out loud !	little jack kept crying , so i buried him and turned on his television .	0
and how come she turned him down ?	and how did she reject him ?	1
the submarine 's purpose is to deploy a nerve agent called silent night .	the submarine is to extend the nerve gas `` silent night .	1
you were hacking into my world , pacman .	you 're messing with my world , pacman .	1
and then there is an earth quake , and the boiling hot magma , and the tar pits ...	and there are earthquakes , lava and tar pits .	1
'no , i 'll look first , ' she said ... ... 'and see whetherit'smarked `` poison '' or not . '	are they here ?	0
he was scared the dane 'd find out we were jungled up .	mink was worried that the dane would find out how it was between us .	1
if you say so .	no .	0
the name you 're after .	ii - procedure before the court and forms of order sought 26 .	0
yeah , he got me .	you got me .	1
'how much light ? '	but before you do this ... if this is the key , where 's the lock ?	0
i wo n't walk away from you . ever .	homeless !	0
i treated myself .	i cured myself .	1
things to do from time out	he 's in the conference room .	0
plus i 'm kind of an expert when it comes to dealing with people with problems .	plus , i 'm quite an expert if there 's a problem with people .	1
therefore we must get to copenhagen as fast as we can to secure our passage .	we have to go to copenhagen as quickly as possible .	1
any id on the fae ?	how do you explain this invasion ?	0
what do you mean ? the system wo n't give us justice , then , we have to do it ourselves .	the system will not bring justice to us , so we have to secure it ourselves .	1
your man 's carrying this .	no , inspector lestrade !	0
in one of its hands the manger grasped a huge , staring eyeball .	there 's little people , like this .	0
you , come on .	blood , bits of tissue .	0
patients who do not experience a meaningful benefit should be re- evaluated and discontinuation of therapy be considered .	treatment should be reconsidered in patients who do not build significant benefits for treatment .	1
so you gon na say anything about this superintendent thing or what ?	how you doing ?	0
i like this boy , and he likes someone else .	but he likes someone else .	1
otherwise form die .	`` do n't talk to me like that . ''	0
they 're called robomen .	an exception occurred while attempting to find the installation services in { 0 } .	0
director fargo also intimated that we used to be intimate .	director fargo also indicated that we had an intimate relationship .	1
no , no , i 'm fine .	just press the print .	0
paxaua 's marketplace was divided into districts .	down there , jim .	0
took off like a monkey from a box .	you know , i have to admit i feel a little bit ...	0
he said that he gave people the bible to read , but not so that they could dispute its meanings .	he said he gave people the bible to read , not to challenge her sense .	1
yes i was never here .	now 's your chance .	0
`` come along , then . ''	let 's get your son to safety .	0
ronal , where 's the sword of crane ?	ronal , where have you got the sword of the crown ?	1
`` what thought ? ''	`` how ? ''	1
it was a million-dollar piece of art yesterday , and today it 's a piece of junk .	did n't they tell you about me ?	0
my heart stops when you 're in danger . '	when you 're in danger , my heart is stopping. ``	1
so is giorgio .	... as a boy diagnosed with a mental illness , by the nature of cigarette habit , constant excitement , constant excitement .	0
and you 're terrified to boot .	when she was 19 .	0
i am here for a confession .	okay , i agree , but i do n't know where she is , and she does n't have much time .	0
what line is she on ?	a servant killed to take us away from the real murder that happens .	0
there 's few enough now that have n't succumbed to alcoholism or the onx . ''	there 's only a handful of those who did n't succumb to alcoholism or the onx. ``	1
call bill ross and have him meet me at the jail .	who knows what they might try to do , maybe shoot you down ?	0
what is the state of your memory now ?	all it takes is a warehouse .	0
and i really want to face all these problems .	one , two , three .	0
it 's not your concern , dad .	now it does n't matter who was right .	0
“ what about the child ? ” quaisoir asked him .	so we 'll see your brain 's ability when you 're hungry and on the street .	0
the lightning blazed and the thunder continued to roll for some hours .	for several hours there was always a flash , and the rumble of thunder continued .	1
this is ms. hegalhuzen , she 's writing a story about the show .	he was throwing an eight in an hour , sweetheart .	0
ah , have you spotted them ?	oh , did you find them ?	1
the same thing i want with the kremlin . i 'm bored with corporations .	the same thing i want to do with the kremlin .	1
hey , you promise we 'll talk every day ?	promise me we 'll call each other every day .	1
`` did he say anything at all that might be what we 're looking for ? ''	temudgin , you should choose me .	0
yo , y'all bitches !	fuck you , bitches !	1
why do you bother ? i see enough of you to see the truth of you . and i like you .	why do you bother ? i see enough of you to see the truth , and i have you , red or white ?	1
tell me where .	then tell me where ?	1
by the way , why do n't you let me see them ?	i like girls who eat like a truck .	0
5 – order for reference , paragraph 1 .	5 - motion for a resolution , item 1 . 6 - smartsource v .	1
your department ran fingerprints on someone we have an interest in .	your department checked the prints of someone we 're looking at .	1
the latter is inconsistent with being an ally .	how do you like lighting on an island , mr. lovell ?	0
i wish my mother could 've heard this .	if only my mother had heard .	1
mum 's the word .	not a word to your mother .	1
it wanted to—i wanted to—lick the blood off richard 's face .	i wanted-i wanted to lick the blood from richard 's face .	1
the customers can never figure out where i 'm really from .	no customer ever knew where i really came from .	1
i have i have 27.60 .	i have $ 27.60 .	1
let 's toss him !	i 'll always put it in too early .	0
why did you open it ?	and why did you open the closet ?	1
she had changed outfits since the last time i saw her , probably to fit in more with the exotic garb favored by the party-loving vampires .	well , i have to pick ben up tomorrow , maybe he 'll be there .	0
mrs. riegerova , do you think your son and his long-time companion are fond of each other ?	maybe there 's some really upset girl out there looking for justice , one that virgil downing can bring .	0
he withdrew a pencil-thin tube from a narrow pocket at the outer seam of his right pantleg .	from a narrow pocket to the outside of his right leg , he took out a thin tube like a pencil .	1
hungarian grey cattle	he has sasha 's keys .	0
end caps 3	saul ?	0
my story can never be told .	no one must know my story .	1
do you want to get down into the wet work ? ''	give me the ticket , you idiot !	0
we do n't have any fancy team owners .	we do n't have any spectacular owners .	1
daisy : and like that , we felt america and england were back on the road to being very good friends .	as soon as we reach the receiving room , i 'll knock .	0
look , i do n't know what 's going on here ... ... and i 'm not exactly surel even wan na know .	i do n't know what 's going on , and i do n't really want to know .	1
i need dna from somewhere .	`` other people would really be pissed off . ''	0
he indicated the low rises , copses on the stone .	clarification of its subject-matter 38 .	0
no , i know .	i know !	1
no , there is not .	... `` and command . ''	0
the men had laughed at the news , confident of speedy victory .	the men laughed , they believed in quick victory .	1
maybe . i 'm not even sure it was a him .	i 'm not sure he was a man .	1
it 's not dad 's plans , it 's all me .	it 's not my dad 's plan .	1
i 'll show you everything .	put your hands on your chest .	0
you ’ re not a girl ... ?	you 're not a girl ?	1
`` my grandfather gave it to me , '' sophie replied , watching the man closely .	the resistance to the hijackers is never meaningless .	0
the story about people voting against their own interest .	both inside .	0
in a bar full of depraved people , you are the grand poobah of depravity .	in a bar full of sick people , you 're the grand poobah in the naughty .	1
you oughta be proud as a peacock .	you can be proud .	1
the trench warfare on the western front is most famous for its brutal futility .	the opposition war on the western front was most famous for unnecessary brutality .	1
of course , darling .	of course , my dear .	1
who can tell me where to direct my plea ?	who will tell me where to point your application ? ``	1
be not thou far from me , o lord .	do n't give up on me , lord .	1
give me a reason to give it to you .	give me a reason to get him .	1
in the meantime , i 'll print out a list of every place she 's ever used it .	keep it quiet . you 'll spook them .	0
i squatted again , and mr. jingles ran off my palm .	i grabbed my hat again , and mr. jingles was running out of my palm .	1
i ... i do n't want to .	i do n't want to go .	1
and he knows that the way you do that is to have as many commanders ready to fight them as you can get .	and he knows that it needs to have as many commanders as possible to fight .	1
the kappa taus accept our punishment .	kappa taus are taking a penalty .	1
she hesitated , as if not believing what she saw .	did he say he was looking for a real bitcoin maker ?	0
you got anything ?	do they have anything ?	1
a swim !	for a swim ?	1
do n't ask me to leave , mico .	he hoped that , overnight , wilma would at least settle down ; but she was even more violent this morning .	0
we need more energy to punch through .	we need more power to break through .	1
two at a time , bitches !	two at a time !	1
i have n't figured it out yet . but it 's going better .	i have n't fully grasped that yet , but it 's better .	1
if you can hear me , please come in .	eli , if you can hear me , please respond .	1
you still there ? - i 'm here .	why did you try to kill yourself ?	0
you mean nobody 's called anything in yet ?	no one called ?	1
no , i just needed to leave .	no , i just have to go .	1
now , as you all know , president ford will be visiting our fair city .	i have to talk to the president right away .	0
indeed , i am not proud of myself .	he reached the end of the room , turned on his heel and started walking again .	0
poor thing , i suppose he just ca n't get over his wife 's death .	you did n't catch the lice from penny 's chair .	0
we 're in a pinch here , coach , and you 're a proven champion .	we 're in a tight , coach , and you 've proven yourself .	1
you want me to wait ?	it 's time to stop .	0
not only that , where did it go ?	it is also produced by the heat-defiant tsills , genres , and magnetite stones into accumulating stoves .	0
he 's like the police .	he 's like a cop .	1
they will catch her and cut her up like a pig to the slaughter .	what is it , beef ?	0
you got a plate ?	you got a marker ?	1
chapter 3 , the section which deals with specific issues , begins with an outline of initiatives taken at different levels to improve security .	chapter 3 - specific comments - indicate at first an overview of initiatives designed to increase security at different levels .	1
hi there . doug neidermeyer .	hi .	1
potential users will also have equal access to the waste water treatment plant after such modular expansion .	potential users would have an equivalent ability to use its capacity after such a modular extension of the sewage treatment plant .	1
i had daniel pull the fhp report on peter osborne 's car crash .	i told daniel to take a picture of peter osborne 's car accident .	1
i can not yet match you for ships .	i would n't be so sure .	0
i went to brazil and worked on the land there . - but i , ... i fell ill .	i was in brazil , i worked there in the fields , but i got sick .	1
looks like they hit the ice at full impulse .	everything looks good so far .	0
no , there 's no way , man . no way .	you have a phone .	0
`` they assured me they accepted there was no suspicion of misconduct against me .	they agreed they had no suspicion of misconduct on my part .	1
you were not supposed to keep guard .	the type of data submitted or the data used for the search in accordance with article 34 ( 1 ) of the vis regulation shall be imposed .	0
if you does n't want to do it , then let 's just go .	if he does n't want to do it , then leave it alone .	1
tremaine looked at her for a moment , then inhaled sharply .	tremaine watched her for a moment , then drew a sharp breath .	1
oh ! god ! courtney , fucking do something .	do the fucking thing !	1
then ? give us time !	then give it time !	1
neal : peter 's not playing a hunch .	rabbi feldman has done this for me during the sabbath and arrives here despite the talmud .	0
yup . hard to believeyou almost lost homecoming queen to her .	it 's hard to believe you almost lost prom queen with her .	1
so he had to have them fixed several times .	but do i keep my head straight ?	0
hey , do you know a good place to get a cup of coffee on campus ?	you know where to go for good coffee ?	1
i helped dr. kepner extract a malignant mass from the gluteal area of a female patient .	i think i have a show here .	0
it 's so good .	most of the north 's iron men had fled .	0
$ a ( ampersand ) $ b | ( pipe ) $ c ( ( left parenthesis )	she 'll stretch her legs .	0
daneel said , `` take us to the conversation room . ''	daneel said , `` take us to the talls .	1
the obligation to transpose the provisions which are unchanged arises under the earlier directive .	the obligation to transpose the same provisions in national law follows from the previous directive .	1
`` she could n't have done it . ''	over the years , he asked how he was going ?	0
i just need to get organized .	i just have to organize it .	1
look , the lady 's crazy , okay . she do n't know what she 's talking about .	the woman does n't know what she 's talking about .	1
no , back , no !	no !	1
accordingly , such information as is on the record does not permit the establishment of a reliable benchmark with respect to such markets .	is that what they do ?	0
of course . back to the study .	back to the study .	1
sara ...	sarah ...	1
i 'm gon na whip the kid in shape and then i 'm out of here .	right behind him , burton .	0
sturm and caramon insisted on setting a watch on their camp that night , though kit asked , laughing , `` where do you think we are ?	sturm and caramon insisted on keeping watch at their camp during the night , even when kitiara asked them with a laugh :	1
if you just walk out of here now without looking back ... you can go on believing that for the rest of your life .	he speaks interesting .	0
thank you for your honesty , clara .	thanks for being honest , clara .	1
i think it 's going ok , but you should probably ask the chief .	printer warning for older clients :	0
nobody ask him to be ...	i 'm here , right ?	0
i don'tthink that makes him a killer .	be careful , albert , because hollywood is on your trail .	0
do you have plans to take yuji some place ?	do you plan to take yujito somewhere ?	1
the town does its part .	we will seek it out until we find the means to overthrow you , your master , and to disrupt your work .	0
now . we 've got one coming up in less than three hours .	we have a press conference in less than three hours .	1
sweet-ass dwelling , mr. zadir .	nice house , mr. zadir .	1
she was a customer of heinz . she 's big and strong .	she was heinz hummer 's client .	1
i do n't know if you 've heard me say that	by then i 'd be long gone .	0
marilyn has to prepare properly .	but wait .	0
that date must fall between the 15th and the 25th day after the date of publication of the notice of invitation to tender .	this day shall be located between 15 and 25 days following the publication of the notice of invitation .	1
is this a joke ?	what kind of joke is that ?	1
jimmy ,	hartmut was the bravest of them all , stepping up to the water with an axe raised in battle .	0
how do we do that ? - look at him .	how do you do it ?	1
would any of them offer their lives to preserve the realm , to restore the pattern ? ''	could one of them offer his life to save the kingdom and restore the pattern ? ``	1
she rubbed her hand along his hairy loin and hooked a leg about the small of his back .	she grabbed him by the hairy chest and hooked his foot behind him .	1
( ln-joon , what are you saying ? )	what are you saying ?	1
i 've decided to become an alcoholic .	i 'm becoming an alcoholic .	1
okay , wait , but which one do you make ?	iron propeller , under which there is a part of a page 1 1 9 , taken out of the book .	0
any eu citizen can make use of the contact points in the your europe portal described in chapter 2 .	each union citizen may use the contact points published on your europe referred to in part 2 .	1
we need to get him to the i.r. , stent his carotid .	we have to get him into intervention radiology , obscuring his carotid .	1
31 until my next birthday .	i 'll be 31 by next birthday .	1
lastly , there is extensive trade between member states in the automobile market where psa is a major player .	the ectoplasm is the only thing ... that keeps the damn car together .	0
i have admired you for years and have a complete collection of your press notices .	not even for eating fries before they leave the kitchen , and i 'm doing it anyway .	0
fucking faggots !	you 'll see the white house in a moment .	0
and , obviously , i ca n't leave him down here alone .	no note , no leads , none of which could be taken away from the police .	0
'this is madness !	even if it was the last thing i did , the girl had to die .	0
if construction were not completed by the long stop date , the uk would have the right to terminate the cfd unilaterally .	i do n't think it 's deep enough for cover .	0
do n't know about you , but i 'm starting to feel a little silly .	hi , you sent me your pager .	0
nonetheless , sophie made her decision .	mr. gogolak , my wife would have made my life hell if i had n't asked .	0
what if i took you back there , walked you through it ?	what if i took you there so you could pass it ?	1
of the morning rush .	morning shon .	1
hotel belaria*** ( hradec nad moravici )	hotel belaria * * * ( hradec nad moravici )	1
`` that 's past , '' orb said , embarrassed .	someone from tokyo is calling somewhere around pearl harbor .	0
'no legends , lady , for they have lived for ever .	whatever .	0
what is it you seek ?	sir , you should cut the ribbon .	0
the agreed draft is considered to meet these objectives .	it is considered that the approved proposal fulfils these objectives .	1
american stars 'n bars	american stars	1
what about your star sign ?	he was nine million kilometers behind the enemy , and he was still losing sight of him .	0
now , lad , tell me if you can what things have come to you and gone from you since we last spoke , two years ago .	but now , if you can , tell me what you 've gained and lost for the two years that ran away from our last conversation .	1
i was upset and did it without thinking .	he did n't even bite her .	0
there it is ! the city !	hey , watch this .	0
foreman expects me to read an x-ray on this itty-bitty screen .	well , this is what you mean by your extraordinary genetic make-up .	0
a man finds an independent woman muy caliente .	men 's independent women find muy caliente .	1
you wanted them to kill him because you wanted me dead .	you were gon na kill him to kill me .	1
stop , that hurts !	article 2 directive 74 / 649 / eec is hereby repealed .	0
so if you want to save some , switch off .	i thought you were all somewhere in the west on salt plains .	0
and whom did you inform ? no one .	the vitran architect was completing the project of their new headquarters - three and a half thousand square metres .	0
you 're a picture of mental health . they were talking about you .	the mental health system they were talking about ...	1
get 'em off me !	any time ...	0
nedra , seven minutes to the window .	nedra , pick in seven minutes !	1
it 's all war .	there 's war everywhere .	1
ow would ... like forgetting this .	that her father made her work in his competition ... ... so you ca n't go to florida .	0
someone tapped his back and he turned to find a cherub 's face smiling mindlessly at him .	someone tapped crokus on his back , and when he looked back , he could see the child 's face on him .	1
it 's total reality , but in his mind ...	it 's real , but only in his mind .	1
you 're off duty until further notice .	you 're off duty until the new order .	1
okay . so , just now ?	now ?	1
it wo n't be a problem flying this thing .	because we 'd appreciate a little action , if you know what i mean .	0
no , that 's your job , is n't it , cecilia ?	he who runs away from his property in fear for his life , usually leaves it as we see it here .	0
she took the call .	she decided to take the call .	1
i should n't say this , but i went to zefram cochrane high school .	but i studied at cochrane high school .	1
joining the cia and giving up everything you did , did you ever think it would lead you here ?	we 'll call a cab .	0
but some moments later , when he turned to me , i threw back at him a phrase he had used in the torres strait :	i 'm not a pawn in his war .	0
you 're like a superhero .	a superhero .	1
she looked back up at her com 's pickup and smiled .	all the time ... my baby ...	0
sorry , president .	excuse me , mr. president .	1
information relating to the quantities and the location of the products in store may be obtained from the addresses given in annex ii .	the current mechanism relied on by the intergovernmental peer-review system is not sufficient to eliminate all weaknesses .	0
i will have to call the captain . please , sir , please , sir .	i 'll call the captain .	1
my grief , léna 's anger ...	actually ... you could do something for me .	0
it was four bucks .	the memory of his childhood came to mind .	0
but i should know the things a woman would know if she 's -	but i have to know the things that only a woman knows .	1
did his homework , too .	... to communicate with the outside world .	0
i know you 've been meeting up .	i know you 've come together .	1
% s supports per seat licensing only :	i do n't need you .	0
hey , now , you stay out here and you think about what you did .	bildoon showed great evidence of friendship when he warned him .	0
it is obtained from a hard dough made from wheat flour that has the following values : w between 140 and 200 and p/l between 0,5 and 1,0 .	it is made of a solid dough produced from wheat flour with the following values : w between 140-200 ; and p / l between 0.5-1.0 ) .	1
what steps do you propose ne xt , lestrade ?	what do you suggest , lestrade ?	1
it 's fine she 's my sister and who am i your flaming aunt ?	but she lacks strength - it 's simply not enough .	0
did he not present a paper , some years ago , at the last decennial convention that interested us ? ''	the reasons we 're talking about are really not enough for your divorce .	0
my destiny is near .	the problem is that the safety brakes in incomplete cars are not connected to that computer .	0
what fucking got uri ?	what the fuck got yuri ? !	1
ill-conceived love , i should warn you , is like a christmas cracker .	in tmk resita , productivity is only 50 % of the target set in an individual business plan .	0
you could n't recruit agents if the word got out that america did n't protect those who worked for her .	good to remember .	0
the effort , you retard .	effort , dumb-ass .	1
if the whole world were like you guys , we would n't have so many problems .	not aboard my ship .	0
the eesc urges the eu to enact forcefully its commitment to achieve the mdgs .	the eesc calls for the eu to develop decisive efforts to achieve the millennium development goals .	1
and that 's why i had lew rosen make another copy of veronica 's cloud drive for me .	and even how to stop april wu .	0
yet he went up into the great unknown .	and now he 's gone into a great unknown .	1
three other corpses have been stolen from vehicles ... ... leaving crime scenes over the past six months .	three more bodies were stolen from the cars leaving the scene , - for the last half-year .	1
he took a position of loyal support on the corner of kirby ’ s broad maple desk .	then , with a look of loyal support , he settled on the corner of the broad maple table at kirby 's desk .	1
oh , would you relax ?	would you like some ?	0
at the end of 2008 , it had a workforce of 9 793 fte ( full time equivalent ) .	at the end of 2008 , its number of employees totalled 9 793 full-time workers .	1
following right behind , burton .	even if you do n't like it , we need people like kraster .	0
if you do n't throw this out , i will .	they took henry today .	0
dependence on a habitat type , which is under severe threat ;	( b ) dependency on a type of natural habitat which is seriously compromised ;	1
come on , i do n't want to hear that .	order for information	0
we hope to be on the ground within the hour . thank you for your patience .	thank you for your patience .	1
... on her worst points .	what happened ?	0
oh , that 's what they were looking at ?	that 's what they were looking at !	1
have n't you found anyone to kill the lady dragon yet ?	`` it stinks , captain , '' said scott .	0
you 'll get used to it .	you could stay in the office all the time , or at least in the building .	0
my whole life 's a big question ... what do you want ?	that 's what he planned for the night when deb ... with you ... when you first met-e-x .	0
nice to meet you .	it seems like we 'll have an early christmas .	0
`` has max come up with any theories on what possible motives the directors of cerberus could have for committing mass murder ? ''	you two want to fix something , you need a car or something ?	0
you want for me to make this bitch ass dead ?	against whom does he want to play ?	0
but what if someone attacks you while i 'm diving ? nothing 's going to happen to me .	because nadia influenced him to forget things .	0
original sales tax settlements have been posted previously , so this is a copy .	i 'm getting bored , and that makes me think .	0
so that means we do n't have to go get him ?	so we do n't have to do it for him ?	1
garion , still abstracted and bemused , saw that all traces of the sometimes foolish old man he had known before were gone .	garion , still immersed in himself , saw that there was no sign of the foolish old man he had known before .	1
`` and maybe you 're full of merda , '' said dumper .	`` and maybe he 's talking too much , '' dumper said .	1
that 'll freeze the nerves in this spot for 24 hours .	this will numb your nerve in 24 hours .	1
grand duchess alexandra nikolaevna of russia	but at least i 've eliminated the suspects .	0
well , i 'd rather be a good nobody than an evil somebody	well , i 'd rather be good than anyone .	1
are you , youworried about cole ?	are you ... worried about cole ?	1
when it 's time to meet again , i 'll find you . for what ?	if you take more glucomed than you should	0
come on . come on . you 'll see .	go , you 'll see .	1
ladys and gentlemen we are entering the modern age all new trucks will be equiped with gps	gentlemen and ladies , we are entering a new , modern age , all cars will be fitted with a gps system .	1
it 's all around us , all the time .	you just witnessed a robbery .	0
get her some help .	help her .	1
now xavier and little manion were paying the price along with her .	no , now ...	0
i want to find a place before it gets dark . what do you think ?	i want to find something before it gets dark .	1
i should be on the list . thank you .	that 's why we have to dive into a man , wading through a sea of humanity .	0
come on.you only needed it for my luncheon , and it looks like it cost a bundle .	those who refuse to obey the law will be severely punished in different ways .	0
the type of data transmitted or used for interrogation referred to in article 34 ( 1 ) of the vis regulation shall be stored .	i tried to stay calm , but ...	0
then why are you a policeman ?	he may be more willing than you think .	0
you got something special here , baby .	you have something very special in you , sweetheart .	1
it 's the vacuum monster .	he 's a monster monster .	1
so what do you do for money ?	what do you do ?	1
maybe lacey was speaking , as leverthal had suggested , simply out of his fear .	there are cases that matter in evidence , and there are cases that matter in our humane nature , begging our hearts to decide .	0
before the song was ended , the sky had paled to greyish-blue , and in it only the moon and gobardon still burned faintly .	before it was finished , the sky had already gone pale , and only a weak moon shone on it , and gobardon .	1
this is the third used-record store with that same story .	otherwise they 'll say we 're racist .	0
let 's not loose any time .	let 's go free anytime .	1
well , you certainly have my order , young man . i 'll match it .	we work together at the hospital .	0
i want somethin ' to start .	i want something to happen .	1
bredoteau .	this brother 's number is stupid .	0
i tried to understand this .	i 've been trying to understand this whole thing .	1
practicality , simplicity and elegance are the pillars of my vision .	utility , simplicity and elegance are our building blocks .	1
i sent that text , not erica , bitch .	so patterson let me go .	0
hey , i want you guys back as soon as possible .	i guess he 's afraid i 'll tell people how he sleeps with his father 's commercial partner .	0
we got ta get off this bus , all right ?	it 's open .	0
where reference is made to this paragraph , articles 5 and 7 of decision 99/468/ec shall apply .	where reference is made to this paragraph , articles 5 and 7 of decision 99 / 468 / ec shall apply .	1
i mean , she read the e.k.g. , she made a quick diagnosis .	mr. martin , at the end of all things , you did me a favor by asking me to write an article .	0
but we know that every connection matters .	geeta .	0
do you have anymore , um , weed that you think you could spot me ?	tell me teddy , i was just hoping , can you get me two more tickets ?	0
spell the word jacquard .	spell out the name of the jacquard .	1
i 'm not going , i am not going ,	anyone else is coming out , it 's john q .	0
what possessed you to become jimmy ?	what made you want to be jimmy ?	1
when i was 18 , i ran for mayor of my small town .	when i was 18 , i applied for mayor 's seat .	1
i do n't know about your last posting , but on the enterprise , we set a different standard .	i do n't know how on your previous location , but here on enterprise we have a certain standard .	1
i did n't actually bring them .	the entrance is nearby .	0
i know , maxine , generosity is the cornerstone of your nature .	and for destroying my suv .	0
i do n't want to be in his bloody memoirs .	he 's handing me messages from frank .	0
`` our facilities and ships have already been overrun by rebellious slaves . ''	i 'm not going to see jared again , are you ?	0
like i do n't belong here , you know what i mean ?	i just ca n't get out of feeling like i do n't belong here , if you know what i mean .	1
prohibitive zone : a zone in which heat sources such as exhausts , which might influence the behaviour of a habd , are excluded or thermally shielded .	a prohibited zone : a zone where heat sources are excluded or unsealed , e.g . exhaust gases that may affect habd behaviour .	1
i can go away and imagine generations of waterhouses yet unborn , and godfrey can imagine a hero-father better than i can really be . ”	the country is a closed ecosystem , but it is changing .	0
i got a hit on your lexus .	i hereby declare that paul watson understands his law .	0
the illegal kind .	an illegal weapon .	1
you could 've at least contacted me !	you could n't at least let me know !	1
your time will come ... when the dark of night gives way to sun .	your time will come ... when the darkness is born of the sun .	1
but we got lots of money .	but we have heaps of money .	1
in addition , you person sought by police .	besides , the police are looking for you .	1
that 's right ... my work ...	and when his father dies ...	0
come on , santi .	hold up , boy .	0
the business partners of the dominant undertaking should not be advantaged or disadvantaged in competition amongst one another .	in the context of competition among themselves , the contract partners of a dominant market should not be favoured or disadvantaged .	1
i have to go and tell bill that it 's time .	by the time we get there , the water will rise and carry him away .	0
she was choking on the chocolate , so i did --	she choked on her chocolate , so i ...	1
65 that intention is implicit in certain methods of advertising .	65 this will be implicit in some types of advertising .	1
you 're wasting their time . because this place is never going to open .	[ 107-6 ] they 're just revving up .	0
any dream will do	we are here to decide his guilt or innocence , not to seek out the reasons why he has become what he is .	0
in honor of the chosen one , as my first official act as your queen ... ... i 'm going to go backand say the line again .	no one knew how a madman like gly would have done if he had n't been held short .	0
two , he died in the gulag .	according to the other , he died in gulag .	1
okay , sending ...	then he says he 'll give me sedative pills because he thinks he understands everything .	0
once , dennis knew , such a slovenly crea-ture would have been quickly discovered and sent to the farthest reaches of the kingdom , but times had changed .	once upon a time , they would quickly come and fuck him into the farthest corner of the kingdom , but times had changed .	1
now then , corporal , no call for that , said the sergeant , leaning back in his creaking chair .	if you accept him , he makes you stronger .	0
exactly my point .	i 'm not gon na argue with you anymore .	0
and i guess nothing i 'd write home about , nothing special .	nothing i would call a home , nothing special .	1
“ everyone knows they carry little secrets , ” he had once told her , when they were courting .	`` everyone knows they are bearers of little secrets , '' he told her once , in the days when they were only dating .	1
and my guess is that face is gon na be a lot easier to read under hospital lights than a street lamp .	and i guess it 's going to be easier to see that face under the hospital lamps than under those on the street .	1
the probate hearing is tomorrow . maybe we 'll get lucky .	maybe we 'll be lucky .	1
7 - remove the blister pack from the vial adapter , holding the blister edges .	7 - take the blister at the top and remove it from the vial adapter .	1
beka , nice and slow if you please .	beka , slowly please .	1
her brain is dead .	he can open his eyes , but her brain is dead .	1
are you really going to lie with all these thousands of people watching ?	are you really going to lie like she 's printing when thousands of people look at you ?	1
chief , you can either assist or resist in this inquiry , but if you resist , we may have to out you under a microscope .	how does your chicken taste ?	0
the thread will be torn , mr. palmer !	thread will break , mr. palmer !	1
he 's in , trust me .	ever since i was a kid , you 've always been the best .	0
bras ? yeah .	brassiere ?	1
i 've made the right choice .	imagine ... ... that george is not coming back .	0
you gon na bust me , bitch ?	you want to take me , you son of a bitch ?	1
the boxes were easy prey , lined up on the pavement like bullocks to be slaughtered .	the boxes were easy to prey , as they stood in line at the sidewalk as the cows got ready for slaughter .	1
night , guys . detective :	`` please let them live .	0
the old windows were ill-fitting and revealed frequent cracks .	that 's good , even if i did n't get fired , i would 've gone .	0
yo , trey .	yeah , trey .	1
a bit . found more in the trunk .	and we found more in the trunk .	1
catherine , the things that i said about the way that you see me , it was wrong , okay ?	it 's okay .	0
now . let 's go !	all right , let 's go !	1
but the most popular indonesian metalband tengkorak , more controversial ideas .	so on this button is a start , but it could be a trick question .	0
whats entertaining ?	the eu against russia is adopted , but it is unclear exactly when it comes into force .	0
what 's going on ?	what 's going on , rach ?	1
or maybe there 's something you 'd rather not say out loud .	you take him to the zoo and you get your tits off .	0
`` and we wo n't spend three weeks getting there , either .	`` that was great , '' she said .	0
boys , please meet katia .	guys , meet katya !	1
you are all grown up but i still see you as children .	you 're both adults , but i still see you as kids .	1
after which you will be required to select from the matrix 23 individuals ... ... sixteen female , seven male , to rebuild zion .	garet jax straightened , his gray eyes so cold that stythys put the knife even harder to jair 's throat .	0
% d episode	how do we decide something reasonable about schools ... without specific information from the police ?	0
but , uh , are you sure you 're up for it , riley ?	are you sure you want that , riley ?	1
what i want is to stop sleepwalking through my life .	but , rabbit , i 'm supposed to get my special today .	0
there is no evidence that this has so far threatened their economic sustainability .	there is no evidence that these costs would jeopardise the economic sustainability of these sectors .	1
i guess crime does pay .	were you ever in the world in the fall of 1987 ?	0
`` someone could be lurking . ''	beckett 's not doing any right now .	0
me and the brat deserve a proper feast .	we deserve a good feast .	1
article 16a notification by lenders in exceptional situations 1 .	article 16a notifications of persons who have lent financial instruments in exceptional situations 1 .	1
there 's no way i 'm gon na testify against these guys unless i 'm granted full immunity and given a new identity .	how seductive lips ... ... out of others .	0
nothing says home like cardboard boxes and , uh , no overhead lighting .	we do n't know who he is yet .	0
i do n't know . i got ta walk or celebrate or ... ugh , pass out or something .	take a walk , celebrate or ... get high or i do n't know what .	1
`` i should tell my superiors at the ministry of security that you are unapologetic and would sell your country again for a price . ''	me and margaret ...	0
and then that ...	and then on ...	1
it was a love story . it was a love story .	defeat will turn into a victory .	0
you do n't know where she is .	you do n't even know where he is .	1
i wanted to give my son some tools to survive .	i wanted to give my son some advice for survival .	1
the rifle .	tos-8 rifles .	1
number of attached purchase	kids grow old faster than drugs .	0
`` when they turn away , or scatter , come back , and i ’ ll be waiting .	`` when they change direction or scatter , come back ; i 'll be waiting for you .	1
sorry , i 'll be right back .	excuse me .	1
that 'll teach you where to keep your hand .	that 'll teach you to keep your hands on your body .	1
catch up on old times .	reminisce of old times .	1
`` and about the everlasting razor blades and the lighter and the light bulbs . ''	`` and on downed razor blades and lightbulbs . ''	1
car looks okay . no damage .	looks good , no damage .	1
get down and grab it at the bottom .	your clean clothes .	0
there will be awagon for your personal baggage .	i 'm sorry .	0
you have to get out of here !	`` he just jumped overboard , i watched him when you entered the cabin .	0
i 've been wanting to apologize for leaving you at the formal .	i wanted to apologize for running away from the prom .	1
al and i throw the discus sometimes .	my eyes were open , and they could see the width of the horizon .	0
the varlish will gather round the circle and bay and cheer as clansmen whack and thud at each other .	yeah , your mother might have been a little more sensitive .	0
of course i was .	a few hairs , no fangs , no claws .	0
“ where ’ s he looking ? ” asked bourne , grabbing the binoculars .	'where are they looking ? 'shouted bourne , playing for the binoculars .	1
they got shot .	they have shots .	1
to see if those dark feelings you keep bottled up inside are really who you are .	to see if there are those dark feelings that are in you , the one you really are .	1
of course , he 's an out-of-work actor .	of course , he 's an actor , currently without a job .	1
how can i decide what i want to be when i grow up ?	when you 're around , i 'll send someone to meet you and put you in there .	0
i 'll do the best i can .	i 've only known her for a week .	0
his chief of staff avoids my eye any time i stop by .	his manager avoids me whenever i stop .	1
pretty bad .	terrible .	1
the authority has moreover noted that certain amendments and adjustments were also made to the prior assessments in the second agdestein report .	the heads of all codringtons turned backward , their faces filled with joy .	0
my hands are quite numb .	if you do n't want it , you 'll choose your path and you 'll be freed from this marriage .	0
will the blade show us where we can find some food ?	will he show us the sword , where to find the food ?	1
why are you still there ?	what are you still doing there ?	1
all right . time to take a break .	we 'll take a break .	1
move what you can into the stern to counterbalance .	however , the commission should be agreed that the handling of large-scale proposals within the prescribed periods can cause considerable difficulties .	0
you do n't have to shout everything .	`` like you 're kicking someone in the tentononc ? '' said nobby , with a growing interest .	0
weren ’ t you even a little scared ?	she remembers the legion marching north , but she did n't go back .	0
i wan na go home .	can you pick a number ?	0
i do n't know why the hell i walkedin there .	she was just passing by .	0
why did they choose this cave ?	ok , ok ... which one ?	0
your persistence surprises even me .	god has sent us to this place , at this moment , to do something !	0
practical implementation the us authorities did not submit detailed figures about the benefits provided during the rip .	implementation in practice the american authorities have not provided details of the benefits provided during the review investigation period .	1
unfortunately his delusions reinforced .	unfortunately , his halves have reinforced that .	1
they 'd be glad to see you and you could talk of old times . '	where 'd you find that ?	0
run the restaurant ?	`` it would n't be any good . ''	0
they will destroy themselves , you and anyone who gets in their way ... ... to take revengeon what has been done .	he will destroy himself and you and anyone who gets in the way of their vengeance .	1
come on , man .	if you like drama , you 're good .	0
no , karel , she 's not .	no , karl .	1
what time you go to bed ?	when do you go to sleep ?	1
around this time i get a teacher to admire what a good student i am .	his stomach was swelling .	0
that 's fairly disgusting .	pretty gross .	1
my supervisor told me to come this way .	the boss told me to go this way .	1
he and his ancestors have protected us . so ?	he and his ancestors have protected us for years .	1
she could n't possibly afford the passage to england .	you 're telling us how we 're supposed to raise our kids .	0
drake : no man can judge me .	very sick .	0
more like self-preservation . last thing i need right now is frank lundy , rock star fbi profiler standing between me and benny gomez .	the last thing i need right now is frank lundy , an outstanding fbi agent , standing between me and benny gomez .	1
geeta ...	the third set is only partial .	0
we ca n't decide between thin crust or stuffed crust .	sayre was so close to her when she felt his cologne .	0
that the game is on .	will i live ?	0
vampires 're so easy to kill , they point out .	i should find a conductor .	0
internet ; www ; browser ; web ; explorer	music ; browser ; browser ; browser ; browser ;	1
no one 's even spoken to her , and she 's already finagled her way into a house .	no one else spoke to her and found her way to the house .	1
while you have their attention and are at the gate , we will attack .	when you draw their attention , we will attack .	1
renzler comes in for a couple of million now , and you give him the option of jumping in as a full partner later ?	renzler will set us up a couple of million now , and you 'll give him the opportunity to become a full-fledged partner later ?	1
today 's my boyfriend 's birthday , so `` i 'm out shopping for that perfect gift '' .	sean , i 'm so busy right now , i 'm not gon na be able to make a clown today .	0
okay , to see if you 're the real bender , i 'm gon na ask you something only he would know .	well , to find out if you 're the real bender , i 'm going to ask you something that only you know .	1
scully : if he did n't destroy it , chances are that somehow , someday somebody will find it .	`` how much light ? ''	0
`` neo-luddite , '' he murmured to himself , a filthy accusation .	you 're my love .	0
i 'll try and guess the code ...	i 'll try to guess the cipher .	1
she ca n't stay in there forever .	he ca n't be there forever .	1
the professor stays in berlin . get him the proper papers .	ellie was still screaming .	0
in that regard , it must be noted that the audit report relates essentially to working conditions and effective organisation .	in this context , it should be pointed out that the audit report covers , above all , the working conditions and quality of the organisation .	1
i do n't need your fucking approval .	yeah , but it does n't look like we have a choice , right ?	0
for volatile test chemicals , a measured or calculated henry ’ s law constant is helpful for determining a suitable headspace to liquid volume ratio .	he was broken , he thought .	0
they were probably translated by some gringo an expatriate american who could n't get a job in this country .	he translated it into an american defector who could n't get a job .	1
it does n't matter how you get there ... as long as you get there .	on this new approach , the commission based its proposals on the level of total allowable catches for 2011 .	0
god damn it , i like you , son .	further examination may be required .	0
unfortunately , you 're not obeying .	unfortunately , you do n't follow the instructions .	1
rallo 's missing ? !	100 milligrams of lidocaine .	0
when they reached another intersection , sparhawk felt a familiar prickling of his skin .	i 'd like to keep this .	0
gerard had drawn the chain taut across the stones of the wall and was attacking it with the ax .	there 's a woman and children .	0
i do n't know why you wished me dead , but anyway you got your wish .	kadach was a city surrounded by walls , rigid , grey and very ugly .	0
ok , thanks , that really helped .	ok , thanks for your help .	1
where the river begins ?	what will he be ?	0
you hear me , old man ?	and if he does , there wo n't be an expansion .	0
ignat , how are you doing ?	no , i 'm not gon na do anything , i 'm just gon na accept the verdict .	0
he 's not catching the hole card .	the asphalt pool opens in five minutes .	0
uh , well , go easy if you 're going to get ...	okay , be careful if you 're going ...	1
this is my story , too , and you are about to kill it forever by letting him come in here .	it 's my story , too , and you totally fuck him up if you let him in .	1
i 'm katie and i had frosties for breakfast .	`` i may have called you a little premature , '' she murmured , squeezing the intake key .	0
en official journal of the european union c 17/29 prior notification of a concentration ( case comp/m.4507 — givaudan/quest international )	en official journal of the european union c 17 / 29 prior notification of a concentration ( case comp / m.4507 - givaudan / quest international )	1
well , guess i should 've known better .	i guess i should have known .	1
not until he finishes eating the meal that his mama took three hours to fix .	the fact that there 's no oven on the pier does n't mean they 're not in a submarine .	0
we 're good .	we 'll be fine .	1
mm . - get him out of here .	get him out of here .	1
only three years ago ?	`` they are coping well , '' tony said , adding : `` in this profession , divorce is damned close to a 100 per cent line . ''	0
what 's wrong , man ?	yeah , we just did n't count on five girls .	0
the negroid major‑domo came forward , bowing .	a negroid majordomo entered the bow .	1
his watch said it was just after eight in the morning .	maybe there would be a way .	0
missing reference in argument list ; ; missing reference in argument list ' { 0 } '	the reference in the list of arguments has not been found ; ; the link in the list of arguments ' { 0 } 'has not been found .	1
there is no plan .	jesus christ !	0
same asnothing 's been happening all week .	just like nothing happened all week .	1
3.7. handling establishments shall set up habituation and training programmes suitable for the animals , the procedures and length of the project .	3.7 manipulation the equipment must be introduced and training adapted to animals , procedures and duration of the project must be introduced in the installation .	1
i 'll put in a call to a cop who shot a kid .	even though he confirmed the hard drive .	0
jumping down from the rock , cour announced , `` success .	he leapt off the rock and announced : `` success .	1
the stuff that nobody is supposed to hear , i hear that stuff .	lestat screwed up his characteristic lack of common sense .	0
what is that man trying to do , ruin all of us ? ''	i told you to stop !	0
'they 're just statues— '	'they 're just statues - '	1
let me get up !	i 'll get up myself !	1
and in any case the merlin had betrayed a sworn oath .	that they are still connected to all our main systems .	0
they 're all blue . - come on , man !	i 'm in pain .	0
he also hated giving bad news to people in the field .	he also hated to tell people in the field bad news ; but bad news is better than ignorance .	1
i was wondering if i might ask you to join me in the attic .	here you go , buddy .	0
and that could be me .	tremendously , smile .	0
it 's closed till 2 .	they 're closed for two .	1
so is the stargate .	the gate too .	1
a receptionist and a short-order artist .	`` anything can happen .	0
when several hundred people come together , you would be surprised that how much you can get accomplished . sam :	you 'd be surprised how much it can do if a couple of hundred people come together .	1
that 's why its tail is so bright .	this must be effective for more years , while at the same time it must not make it difficult for other technological developments .	0
it 's my dad .	what new deal ?	0
let 's learn to walk before we can run , okay ?	we 'll learn to walk first , then run , okay ?	1
there is no consensus , whether the occurrence of these cases is related to use of oral contraceptives .	but what you can learn to be yourself	0
`` mischievous and fun . ''	`` he 's naughty and funny . ''	1
no , i forgot . one of those .	i know what you want to find out .	0
the next morning , when he announced the plan to the troops , huge cheers greeted him .	taylor wants to go now .	0
oh , do n't you understand ? !	do n't you get it ?	1
gas station customer washing windshield without buying gas .	d.ip.xxxx.v investments / furniture total expenditure on purchases , greater repair and production of long-term assets during the financial year .	0
cool , thanks . oh , noah !	horry ...	0
this one twitched and wriggled in agitated eagerness , palpating his temples in avid search of rich surface veins where it might feed .	and the way he acts .	0
so if you want to get that transceiver on line , hand me the laser torch and give me some room .	so if you want the transmitter to work , give me the laser lever and give me some room .	1
all right , so stay .	then stay .	1
remember , lady luck only comes once !	you and yuji look alike .	0
fucking shit !	there 's something else bothering you , you do n't want to help , and you keep closing up .	0
merle was sitting at his desk , his head down , when franklin came in .	as franklin entered the office , merle was seated behind his desk with a hung head .	1
ppd tuberculin must be tested by biological methods and by the clinical method .	tuberculin must be tested by biological methods and , if the tuberculin ppd is concerned , it is also a chemical method .	1
by whose command ? '	whose orders ? ``	1
they may have seen this mutation before . i 'm certain they 'll be willing ... to share their database with us .	i 'd like you to think about it for a minute just above this village , okay to see it in a much bigger picture .	0
i got a notepad , i got a paper cut , fire marshal kicked joy and family out of their sideways trailer .	i learned and stayed , but it was difficult to live so far .	0
articles 162 ( 2 ) ( u ) and 172 ( d )	( d )	1
um , dad ... you did n't seal the drainage that allows water to pass under the house , did you ?	is this an ad for stem cell research ?	0
let me tell you something , slick , whatever this is about , we can do it the easy way .	i 'd marry jack right away .	0
data dredging to sell pharmaceuticals .	collecting the data to sell drugs .	1
longed for affection , attention , acceptance .	longing for love , attention , acceptance .	1
since i have you here all alone .	because you 're alone with me .	1
jimmy , i swear , ifthat could be me in there ... i would n't have done it , man , cos i ...	do you remember ?	0
anatoliy took his former place behind narmonov .	anatoly took his place behind narmonov .	1
like touching a woman would kill you !	it 's as if the woman 's touch should kill you !	1
`` for god 's sake , leave me alone , '' he said tiredly .	because of such a short pregnancy , they are very quickly forming arteries .	0
i 'm sure the army can manage without me .	there 's no way out .	0
do n't rule out the dating .	i would n't rule out dating .	1
my lungs are bleeding , my skin 's crawling ,	most of my life i was loyal to myself .	0
could you wiggle your toes for me ?	purkmaster ... especially a visitor 's illness has progressed beyond my ability to treat .	0
vittoria : cold decreases battery life .	i know he 's on his way .	0
our planet is dying . it can no longer sustain us .	our planet is dying .	1
i keep thinking about him , you know ? ”	`` there 's a lot of evil in the world , '' the figure on the screen continued , persuasively .	0
maybe they do n't want to learn how to dance or play ... they do n't want capoeira lessons .	yeah , rocket ?	0
lucy , can you jog along with us ?	you know what i do n't believe , abby ?	0
how did mike bell just fall into your lap , kevin ?	it 's going to be dangerous , and the other kids do n't learn anything .	0
it 's time to bring in the heavy equipment , power tools !	what 's wrong with ours ?	0
one introduction , and we 're gone .	if it had a face or a parent , it must not be worn .	0
he never had children or grandchildren whose laughter.. ..would lighten the burden of old age .	he never had children , or grandchildren , whose laughter would brighten the weight of age .	1
slides down a pole and lives with a teenage boy .	he 's sliding down a pole and living with a young boy .	1
well done , daddy .	good job , dad .	1
but rest assured , i 'll do anything short of that ... ... .to not give you a million dollars .	but i assure you , i will do everything to get you that million dollars .	1
one night , he was run down and killed by a car that did n't stop .	one night he was run over by a car .	1
no , i suppose that you said it for me , because ... i would have to take it for my head , if it did .	no , i suppose you would 've told me that , because if you did , i 'd have to take care of it .	1
i wonder what she 's saying .	how exotic , i wonder what he 's saying .	1
( c ) nationality ; ( d ) passport and identity card numbers ;	i 'll tell you about it later .	0
you can use these now .	you can use it .	1
officer , it 's the other way around .	officer , it 's the opposite .	1
`` you have to start somewhere , ''	even if i do , i 'm just a bastard .	0
sorry , i got off work late .	sorry , i did n't get out of work before .	1
you 're off my myspace page . i 'm really 42 .	i 'll delete you from my myspace page .	1
elias , we got four down up there !	calm down , baby .	0
well , that 's not right . this is a huge night for joey . he flew him out here .	or not ?	0
now i was thinking i 'd like to write .	and obviously i ca n't leave him here unsupervised .	0
wait , the-the contest is n't for hours .	`` if the job offered by mr. lefferts did not come out , i would look for a job as a waitress , '' rosie said quietly .	0
it caused her arrhythmia .	maybe not .	0
maroon ( # 800000 )	well , i do n't mind talking about it .	0
you know , is it megan fox 's neck or am i burying my face in leonard nimoy 's turkey gizzard ?	is it the neck of megan fox , or am i splitting my face into the vocation of leonard nimoy ?	1
young fella , you are ... - ... person i care about most in my life .	young man , you 're the man i care about most in the world .	1
as the winds rise and fall , swallow and eddy so they pile the sand into dunes .	well , just ...	0
hi . - hi , i got ta talk to you for a second .	they laughed hard and decided to stay and play .	0
it was bobby who gave me the clue .	touch screen simulation	0
medusa was nothing if not a perversion—a distorted mirror image—of the confederacy 's system and dreams .	medusa was nothing more than flip-flopping - a twisted mirror image - a confederation system and dream .	1
what did you find out ? not a thing .	there 's a large number of secure procedures and support systems that i make sure nothing bad happens .	0
if the action for injunction is successful , a group of consumers can bring an action for compensation .	i stayed with her to her death .	0
prove to me your worth .	grab him !	0
in the deathly silence , poirot pieced together the slips of paper and , clearing his throat , read : `` 'dearest evelyn :	in a dead silence , poirot set pieces of paper together , cleared his throat , and began to read :	1
beef jerky ?	i 'll hear the wind again in the trees .	0
any luck ?	were you lucky ?	1
we 've been looking for you guys for a long time .	we 've been looking for you two long enough .	1
he 's a sewer inspector .	he 's an inspector of sanitation .	1
she ca n't neglect her left hand . - i always had problems with it .	he listened silently .	0
wait ! if you take him , take his outfit too .	if you take him , take his clothes .	1
when someone would die in a house , people would cover up the mirrors so the ghost would n't get trapped .	there 's over 40 .	0
impsec and i both want to know .	the answer i want to know is both me and impsec .	1
but it 's really , really painful right now .	of course there 's no power to oust him out of his bungalow , so i have to go to him there. ``	0
the form or forms could not be removed .	i want you .	0
just what i needed .	i ca n't do it .	0
i 'm going to show you just how much .	change your car .	0
that 's what stalkers do .	that 's what the lookalikes do .	1
everyone else has all these other things to do .	julia , why do you have memories ?	0
well , actually , eric , it 's you .	their use is to attract the attention of potential customers , who , through the chosen advertising strategy , are directed at specific objectives .	0
we are going to 20 encounters !	ready for rehab ?	0
between the two of us , we 've already searched every place she would be .	luther belongs in yesterday 's news .	0
do not lead the guards to me in the garden . yeah .	but you 're something : cute .	0
right . mm-hmm .	in 2013 , approximately 270 notices were issued for the implementation of the ethical monitoring procedure .	0
now , we could make more selling whatever it is ourselves .	no , but you look like you do .	0
hey , tv man . are we gon na be on tv ?	that was the key .	0
sorry . thank you .	click the help button in the display dialog box to display the instructions for creating a new lane .	0
nomads .	nomads and smugglers .	1
it 's kinda chilly in here .	i 'm not sure .	0
you wan na know the real truth , pace ?	they were my crickets .	0
will you take the samesix girls to beijing ?	are you taking the same six girls to beijing ?	1
drizzt 's scimitars banged against the remaining female 's swords so rapidly that it sounded like one long , scraping ring .	and he , you know ...	0
if you could freely do as you pleased , would you marry arthur ?	she got a little old , like he told her .	0
never saw her again .	i 've never seen her before .	1
yes , ilsa whats is it ?	great idea .	0
how much did you give this self-actualization group , robert ?	how much did you pay for that self-fulfilling group , robert ?	1
yes , it 's really fucked up , but we have to fight for every breath and tell death to fuck off	yes , it is , but you have to fight for every breath and tell death to go away .	1
you and i have .	we 'll have white sausage , turkey and roast chestnuts .	0
`` ordinary '' , not much of the day .	technical and administrative assistance and support expenditure ( see point 6.1.2 )	0
i will also be selling greeting cards .	i 'll also be selling postcards .	1
what a weirdo !	wait , brock said he did n't see micah 5 years ago .	0
yeah , yeah . jumping around on stage is more important .	jumping on stage is more important .	1
none is here .	there 's no one here .	1
however , an adverse award may potentially flow either from treatment afforded by the union itself or from treatment afforded by a member state .	however , the contested finding may result from the treatment afforded by the union itself , or from the treatment provided by the member state .	1
his reign began around 962 in greater poland ( wielkopolska ) , kuyavia ( kujawy ) and possibly in eastern pomerania .	he began to rule about 962 in the highlands , kujavsk and maybe in east pomerania .	1
cats can develop diabetic remission , in which case the cat 's own insulin production is regained .	in cats , there may be a remission of diabetes when it comes to restoring the formation of your own insulin cat .	1
he even burst out laughing in his sleep from happiness , so wonderful and inimitable did everything come to be on the transparent , pale blue road .	walter bagehot once famously said , `` money wo n't be managed on your own . ''	0
there ai n't no way some little mountain kids can beat denver .	some guys in the mountains do n't beat denver !	1
but that 's not enough to kill a man .	but it does n't kill a person .	1
i want a lawyer ... and i have my father call via a satellite phone .	and a phone call to my father over a satellite phone .	1
a closing date applies for applications in respect of each of these tranches .	within each of these tranches the date of submission of applications is valid .	1
now , look , i 've done everything you 've asked .	i did everything you asked .	1
the katterpod harvest will be much better this year .	it seemed unfinished , superficial , seemingly easy , out of time and space .	0
send backup immediately !	send an advance immediately !	1
prudence dictates my requiring in return your account of what miss stubbs told you .	caution dictates that i ask for your version of what ms. stubbs told you .	1
god.. has put us in this place , at this time , to do something !	it has a sweetened taste , mild acidity , and is slightly piqued with the slight taste of `` smoke . ''	0
does you good and helps you to sleep .	i promise you 'll be worth it .	0
to be working directly for military contractors . pentagon officials gave them talking points , portraying iraq as an urgent threat .	i 'd rather eat my men 's equipment .	0
always take wilzin exactly as your doctor has told you .	you have seen the woman have to undress herself to prepare herself for dignity .	0
i know nothing , nothing at all	i do n't know anything .	1
two days later the test-tubes were with gardiner .	two days later , gardiner examined the tube .	1
paragraphs 2 to 4 of article 7 shall apply .	article 7 ( 2 ) to ( 4 ) shall apply .	1
taking due account of the results of this consultation , it shall adopt the necessary measures .	where appropriate , taking into account the results of such consultations shall take the necessary measures .	1
moreover , the measure would appear to have enabled the wine producers to sell their grape must and wine at an excessively high market price .	it also seems that the measure allowed the winegrowers to sell grape cider and wine at a disproportionately high market price .	1
you ca n't go around abducting people just because you 're cia .	dad , you ca n't just abduct people just 'cause you 're cia .	1
unable to store user information : argument	could not save personal information : argument	1
good to meet you . -you 're fran ?	do you remember when you went down the stairs at christmas ... and you saw a stocking full of toys over the fireplace ?	0
do n't go anywhere .	do n't go .	1
bambi , are you okay ? how does it look ?	bambi , are you okay ?	1
wejust bought ourselves maybe two hours .	cyrix 6x86mx cpu	0
do not attempt to inject yourself unless you are sure you understand the procedure and requirements of self-injection .	do not attempt an application if you are not sure that you understand the procedure and requirements of the injugation .	1
i know these things , for i receive the souls that are degraded and finally damned by such circumstances .	it 's still a huge concrete gully .	0
do n't answer that because i already know what everyone here thinks of me .	i 'm tired of all those lies .	0
apologies .	i 'm sorry .	1
no ? no ?	what you 're telling me is a good sign .	0
i came out of it dead broke , without a house , without anything except a girlfriend and a knowledge of unix . ''	i ended up bankrupt , without a house , without everything , i had just a friend and knowledge of the unix. ``	1
this way , sir ?	we have work to do .	0
ohh i am so sorry this is ali and	i could heat them up a little .	0
no . it found nothing .	this is only going to last until we get approval .	0
you 'd better go to your room and stay there for the time being	he called it `` doctor 's exterior . ''	0
to them , bipartisan cooperation is not necessary to the governance of a large and diverse country ; it is a form of corruption .	it 's more about ... mood swings .	0
one day i will be a great warrior like you . but i am not yet .	this will once again enable the directdraw hardware acceleration for all display devices .	0
117 , operative part 7 )	( see para . 117 , operative part 7 )	1
how about meeting ... ... saturday ?	oh , no ...	0
auto frank zprostředkování leasingu , úvěrů .	montáž suchých staveb .	1
matt : hey , dylan .	hey , dylan .	1
she says you gave this cross to jane on her 21 st birthday .	pisglin turns to heel , and sushi k runs off his first song .	0
we can keep her comfortable , but she 's going to need more tests to see what our next steps are .	we can keep her comfortable , but she 'll need some more tests to know how to proceed .	1
yeah . and now his missus has arrived on the flying boat .	what 's going on , dupree ?	0
the commission notes that both the median and the mean are measures of central tendency and are commonly used when characterising the ‘ average ’ .	that was my hope .	0
there 's a lot of powerful people who want in on this ... and money to be made , lots of it .	and then jon noticed he was wearing a black suit and a priesthood .	0
sideshow bob really fills his shoes with big ugly feet .	the left-handed bob filled the shoes with his huge feet .	1
she speaks , yet she says nothing .	he speaks , but he says nothing .	1
that day is now known in music history as the day grunge was born .	in the history of music , it 's known as the day of birth style by grunge .	1
things are going to change round here .	i understand .	0
had a break-in last night , ' he reported , with just a hint of smirk .	there was a break-in at night , `` he said , and a malevolent smile flashed across his face for a moment .	1
you 're so good . thanks . and i 'm even more impressed by that commitment letter you got from danby .	he 's disappeared from here like a monkey out of a cage .	0
plus , you named eight people you got to split it with ... ... so that 's 10 or 12 million bucksin the safe .	the evening narrated with royce ,	0
i worked for one guy , had 20,000 bees , and he did n't even like honey .	maybe for a guy who had 20,000 bees and he did n't like honey .	1
let her go , and then we can talk , okay ?	what exactly are we planning ?	0
'after lou 's story about your getting carted out of here nailed in a coffin , i think i should tag along . '	`` after lou 's story about how they took you out of here in a sealed coffin , i think i should stick with you . ''	1
how about you take my share as well ?	it 's time to go home , get married and then go back to the kitchen .	0
i wish you	what stupid idiot do you have ?	0
put down your fucking weapons ! - do n't move ! do n't move !	do n't shoot - do n't move !	1
no , anders .	she could afford the best trip to england .	0
why have n't you dazzled us with these philosophical speculations of yours ?	let them check out all the loans ... or stolen black limousines in the last three days .	0
so have i. she 's quite respectable .	it 's quite respectable .	1
and results ? the testing proves that magnesium does n't corrode even in wet conditions .	you meet someone who makes your head spin and your legs are gon na shake and ...	0
`` they 're waiting on the attendant to get down the escape route , '' duun said , his own head back , his eyes shut .	`` they wait until the emergency exit leaves the service , '' duun said , with his head drawn and his eyes closed .	1
i 'm intercepting a call from tokyo ... to somewhere close by pearl .	what does it take so long ?	0
she looked at him in confusion .	to tell you the truth , yes .	0
well , i 'll tell you what 's not getting any younger is the rump i 'm roasting for sheila 's dinner .	folks , i beg you , before you say something you 'll both regret , i 'd like to order .	0
i 'm not going now .	why ?	0
let 's face it , annie , it 's just not the way that it was .	face it , annie . it 's not like it was .	1
do you feel bad for cows when you go into mcdonald 's ?	do you feel sorry for the cows when you go to mcdonald 's ?	1
chewbacca dashed through , into the alleyway , and the rest of them followed .	chewbacca ran through them into an alleyway and others followed .	1
go change .	manny , go get changed .	1
it 's in the pond .	i did n't want to do this , on my honor and on my soul , i do n't like to be , joe .	0
oh , shit ! -yeah , buddy !	cancels processing of the current program .	0
he found it erotic .	he found it sensual .	1
okay , can you just ask him if he ever investigated a man named rick marshall ?	ask him if he ever questioned rick marshall .	1
she 's got a cough in her throat , you know .	when we meet again , i 'll like you more. ``	0
but only a gambler could risk a king being unguarded .	but once again , only a gambler would risk having an undisclosed king .	1
no , i ’ m ... -you 're princess moanna , daughter of the king of the underworld .	you are princess moanna , the daughter of the king of the empire underground .	1
where ? - england .	would we pay her ?	0
when i was sober i tried to make stuff , picked up a toaster , did n't see anything .	when i was sober , i tried something with a toaster , but i could n't see anything .	1
it 's nice ... nice to meet you .	listen , i thought maybe i 'd invite you to lunch .	0
the heck is that ?	what the hell is that ?	1
your sword , father .	father .	1
`` a fortnight ago '' ? what are you , samuel clemens ?	what are you , samuel clemens ?	1
do n't they teach you that in housing school ?	did n't that teach you in social school ?	1
he left her then so that she could dress .	no , jane-anne died because she was caught in a spell .	0
report on properties and their values	hello , who called ?	0
i did n't think youhad it in you , quite frankly .	baslim rose to his hands and knee and walked away .	0
call her .	and ... you do realize i 'm a witch , right ?	0
no shield for us , no rest for us , no sanctuary .	just so you know , mr. jackson , i 'm the one who 's threatening .	0
i liked him just the same .	i loved him , just like he loved me .	1
`` they lie , who ... ''	`` it 's the least the empire can offer .	0
geez !	oh , my god .	1
`` i 'm a capable houngon , better than many .	`` i 'm a good houngon , better than most .	1
the old licences are unaffected and were also used , that is the contracts were performed .	otter knowledge accounts	0
which room ?	which way ?	1
the commission will be presenting proposals for the associated “ rules for participation and dissemination ” .	then she cut herself down on the cobbles and broke her nose .	0
`` dear gus , '' i 'm so sorry to hear about nellie .	you said you were gon na use kool-aid .	0
jess , take the grenades and go scouting .	yeah , that was right .	0
i think , my dear , that this will be the biggest rally yet- ''	oh yes !	0
so he knows my last name , thusly , milo 's .	so she knows my last name .	1
pam : so , we took every company b & r bought in the last 18 months .	so we checked every company that b & r had bought in the last year and a half .	1
`` that , too , i will provide , '' zane said , controlling his ire .	`` i 'll get that for you , too , '' zane said , trying to control himself .	1
'yeah , we 're really civilized , ' said vincent .	suddenly , one of latin america 's most important countries would be in control of the marxists .	0
attracted to ?	which , after all , i did for a while in the '80s .	0
now i do n't know who he had been .	i just do n't know who he really was .	1
no , i wo n't tell you our safe word .	we tied him up , robbed him , and fell out .	0
quotas will be allocated in line with article 10 ( 6 ) of the regulation .	licences shall be awarded in accordance with article 10 ( 6 ) of the regulation .	1
sometimes i wonder what would have happened if we 'd made love that night .	he did not , however , push him .	0
10 minutes ago , i got off the phone with signals intelligence .	i got a call from a secret service 10 minutes ago .	1
absolutely . you see ?	is everything okay ?	0
i mean i ca n't exactly leave you here and pretend it did n't happen , can i ? ( breathing heavily )	well ... if you say ...	0
some respondents remarked on the need to improve the visibility of european civil protection assistance .	but then she called burke .	0
right now , i think it 's best if we just let him rest , okay ?	at this point , it 's best if we let him rest .	1
we got more work to do .	put the gun down .	0
but i did n't .	but i did n't start .	1
no deal .	but it 's not love .	0
i was hired to secure ms. menendez .	they hired me to secure miss menendez .	1
and also , do your clinic hours .	also , work your clock at the clinic .	1
i 'm trying to be a positive influence in their lives .	canter , he disappeared from the public eye .	0
but , while none is in short supply globally , local shortages may occur .	there was a pile of men in the horses , and the horses were moving in a circle below the trees behind the stands .	0
put a little salt right there .	put some salt in there .	1
he shall kill two of us , and men indeed , but that 's no matter - let him kill one first .	he 's gon na kill us , two real men .	1
apparently she passed away in diekirch , luxembourg . and this was- wow , eight years ago .	apparently she died in diekirch in lucembrusk and happened so , wow , eight years ago .	1
aye , i do n't wan na go back inside again , you know .	well , i do n't want to go back , you know that .	1
moreover , the levy would fall where energy efficiency worsens .	in addition , the fee would be reduced in the event of a deterioration in energy efficiency .	1
love just does n't seem to last very long for me .	it seems love wo n't last much longer .	1
the default keybindings for builder .	yeah , but i did n't say anything about a breakup .	0
apparently these things are able to switch between every single identity they 've ever taken , not just one .	i 'm going to hollow earth .	0
`` they 've got beyond me .	i 'll just get him in shape and then i 'm gone .	0
it 's just a saying , mr. black . -hmm .	that 's what it says , mr. black .	1
jane : good morning .	good morning .	1
dr. rodeheaver is the chief psychiatrist .	this is a signal pistol if we 're stranded somewhere , and this is for the engine .	0
sort of for how long , sort of ?	it 's your time , is n't it ?	0
you 're certainly not .	enjoy the memory of lisa 's executioner ... and tremble with anticipation of what will soon come .	0
i 'm the last person who should be giving anyone relationship advice .	i 'm probably the last person to give advice about relationships .	1
i thought i had him wired .	i thought i understood him .	1
now fleeing in stolen fbl vehicle , moving south on front from diamond .	why are you wearing a dress ?	0
they 'll ignore us till they consider us a threat .	i 'll be right there , bro !	0
mechanic : can i ask you a question ?	come and get me !	0
let 's use that .	i 'm mortal .	0
and i ca n't have my life cluttered .	it 's okay .	0
red-green ! let 's go !	oh , baby , not so fast .	0
2 prince charmings for the price of 1 .	you want to fight zozo ?	0
she seemed so well when she was happy that he forgot her grey hair .	she looked so pretty when she was happy he did n't even see her grey .	1
and i 'm going to kill a few more .	and i 'll kill some of them .	1
i just got a call from randall ' s best friend .	randall 's best friend just called me .	1
you 'll always be my dearest friend .	did anyone pick out the credit cards ?	0
`` and you say ...	and tell you ...	1
this can be accompanied by several neurological signs such as transient visual disturbance , paraesthesia , and tonic- clonic limb movements during recovery .	as a result , some neurological signs such as transient vision disorders , paresthesia , tonic-clonic leg movements may occur .	1
i just picked her up and took her along this line ... ... till we got to lubbock , texas .	i grabbed her and took her on this line until we got into lubbock in texas .	1
you 're the one ... that 's gon na make sure that he did n't die for nothing .	very good .	0
i 'll be over here if you need anything or you just feel like talking .	i 'll come by , if you do n't need something or you want to talk .	1
i 've toasted pine nuts at the mouth of an active volcano .	they looked at baker curiously , and continued on .	0
oh , christ . why is this happening to me ?	what was sean like ?	0
all them shy women that you meet , they never from the town you meet them in .	all those shy things you know , they 're never from the town where you met them .	1
i depend on you !	is your hat yours , too ? he asked .	0
not a drop , sir , in battle .	i need some dna .	0
no , let me go !	what , are you trying for a guineas record in caffeine consumption ?	0
on your right	long time no see , general .	0
there was none included .	come on , calm down .	0
i am daenerys stormborn ... of house targaryen ... of the blood of old valyria .	`` you do n't kill '' seems pretty obvious .	0
i look forward to it , sir .	she looked at him awkwardly .	0
you know what i did to fucking get back to you ?	can i have another one ?	0
but who is he ? - a good question .	she fell directly to her feet .	0
do n't go , yi gwak .	for every cop and con artist i 've met .	0
who arranged it ?	who prepared it ?	1
baenre had agreed with mez'barris 's offer , knowing that she , too , would be vulnerable if all did not go well in mithril hall .	what a little crack !	0
you 're from moscow , yes ?	what 's going on ?	0
victory sip .	a victory toast .	1
please stay , scarpa , by all means .	but i thought i was going to go up there and walk a bit , because there will be those begmy people at dinner. ``	0
we landed on the ground morning .	we 'll land in the morning .	1
it could only be ‘ brown ’ , and how to explain that to krakovitch ?	yes , i am .	0
good .	he was ours .	0
i know you 're worried about	`` i know you 're worried about me , ''	1
ana what are you doing , ana ?	what are you doing , anna ?	1
tell me , are you using a polymer-based neuro-rely - - to transmit organic nerve impulses to my positronic net ?	in this case , the transmission shall take place within 10 days of the date of the conciliation of this new date .	0
i know i carried out his wishes , but ... would it have been so bad if he had stuck around a little longer ?	i knew i had done his best , but would it be so bad if he stayed here for a while ?	1
cos the cans are much heavier , innit ?	the captain cracked his knuckles , one at a time .	0
maybe i picked 'em a little too soon .	i may have picked them too soon .	1
would you like a formal invitation ?	or do you want an official request ?	1
i wore it every year !	any record of the fae ?	0
i 'm sorry to intervene , mr. aldridge , but we kind of have a no work rule in effect right now .	do n't confuse the love of art. ``	0
close my -- you ca n't make that ball go in that hole .	robbie shapiro .	0
'it 's the king 's highway , so it 's not breaking any laws if it wants to follow along , i guess . '	`` it 's on the king 's way , so if he wants to come to us , i do n't think he 's breaking any laws . ''	1
the forest looked quite interesting and probably held elves or gnomes , perhaps both .	the forest seemed quite interesting , and he could live in it for dwarves and goblins , or maybe even both .	1
so i came to you and said , `` what do i need to do to make the squad ? ''	`` thanks , mike , i 'll have it through my head .	0
he shook his mane in a gesture of mild reproof .	cavrisom shook the mane in a gesture that was meant to be blunt .	1
it doesn make any sense .	it does n't make sense .	1
know you that israel two flights contend has bombarded , syria and lebanon .	do you know that israel bombed two prison camps in syria and lebanon ?	1
an innocent desk clerk and a maid lost their lives ... because you were sloppy .	we better clean up before mommy gets back .	0
so i 'm gon na get my job back now , right ?	the fact that anyone who 's tried to stop with something always has an old relative as an example , why do n't stop .	0
from what i understand lieber is regaining his memory and the second he remembers what he did , he could run .	from what i know , lieber returns his memory ... .. .and as soon as he remembers what he did , he could run away .	1
i 've seen good people slaughtered in the name of what is supposedly `` right '' .	he sells drugs , weapons , and influential contacts to very unpleasant people .	0
too thank you for your cooperation , well spare your life .	it 's a joke .	0
100 bucks plus geometry , and you have to convince my daddy to let me have a tattoo .	100 bucks plus geometry and you can talk daddy into giving me a tattoo .	1
that looks new .	look at his outfit !	0
kubrick ... i 'm not even sure he 's human .	kubrik , i 'm not even sure he 's human .	1
i appreciate it , truly . i , um ... .	i really appreciate it .	1
attorney for nick bianco ? - yep .	nick bianca 's lawyer ?	1
you and he are brothers .	my seventh report .	0
i think i could repair this if ...	i think it would fix it if ...	1
`` birds and wolves will likely care for both of us before all is done , '' she said .	`` before all this is over , the wolves and vultures will probably take care of us , '' she said .	1
to go home ?	perhaps he was mired in the throne ?	0
this whole thing was his idea !	vimes stared at william 's notebook .	0
most of the ironborn have fled the north .	a great network .	0
see , if his heart had still been beating when his wrists were slit , that tub would be a deeper red .	generation : promoting the struggle with youth unemployment	0
he 's got the fbi agent with him .	you 'd only break it .	0
tynian dipped his fingers into the bag , took out a generous pinch and sifted it over his lamb .	tynian dipped his fingers into the pouch , took a pinch of salt and sprinkled it over his portion .	1
is n't this fun ? i 'm still learning from you .	and the funny thing is , i 'm still learning from you .	1
having concealed himself , he tapped the map , murmured , `` i solemnly swear that i am up to no good , '' and scanned it carefully .	he hid and tapped on the map with the words `` i swear i 'm ready for every bad thing , '' and examined him carefully .	1
baciu ioan personal data have been collected , processed and published in accordance with the provisions of regulation ( ec ) no 45/2001 .	bizon scowled at him .	0
that is not the case for hsh .	we just do n't see it .	0
five minutes at her strong hands parted him from all ambitions but two .	five minutes later her strong hands had massaged all of her desires - except for two .	1
do n't worry about us .	no worries .	1
my wife is , er , elsewhere , though . '	i confess it 's not a complete science , but ...	0
mindy , this is the longest you 've ever gone without speaking .	mindy , this is the longest time you 've ever wo n't talk .	1
much of the skin had come off with the glove .	he and his glove removed most of the skin .	1
you guys just need to be yourselves .	you have to be yourself .	1
at the right time , david would arrive .	for volatile test substances , it is appropriate to use the measured or calculated henry constant to determine the appropriate ratio between the gaseous and liquid phases .	0
`` all this still does n't solve our problem , gentlemen , ' bevier said .	'this is not our problem , gentlemen , 'bevier said .	1
nobody said anything about breaking in .	given this development , the current cd session is crucial to its future .	0
it 's time that you start showing me some respect .	it 's time you showed me some respect .	1
# my body -	( oj l 78 , p .	0
yet i was too proud to tell her .	but i was proud and did n't tell her .	1
what 'll we do with it ?	what do we do about it ?	1
kindly remember that this is versailles .	i remind you that this is versailles .	1
leaving the convicts behind on the island , they sailed across the tasman sea to australia . ''	they left the convicts on the island and swam across the tasman sea to australia. ``	1
i will escape to them while dying .	now ... she 's taking me to a whole new field .	0
scale : grow/shrink image under cursor	scale : increase / shrink image below cursor	1
the character he 's basing on you .	a character inspired by you .	1
such an act would be most uncomfortable for both of us !	otherwise i would have died .	0
oh , please , the story 's already written .	they might find a connection to the accomplice .	0
she made a choice not to take candy from a stranger . no , thank you .	she decided not to take candy from a stranger .	1
mm , the forged signature , to argue unjust enrichment , that was clever .	15 people have confirmed this .	0
i mean look what 's happened since they found it .	he never took care of me .	0
tea - selection of pickwick tea	tea pickwick from our menu	1
i think that 's him . hey !	that 's him .	1
is my kidney ... still working ?	that 's one , two , three ...	0
okay , did -- what , did the guy tell you ?	okay , did the guy tell you ?	1
fishing technique :	fishing gear :	1
saying grace director : come on , brandon , give her a real kiss , man !	come on , brandon , give her a big kiss .	1
you ca n't stay in one place .	well , before we do anything , we 'll have to cut you a microchip .	0
he could have gone last night .	he could have gone yesterday .	1
you know how some guys are really good at picking up girls at bars ?	some of the black holes may be broken by the core of very large stars ... ... with its gravitas so strong it ca n't escape the light .	0
the victim was a woman . terrible crime !	then do it !	0
lumpy : singing like a seal .	her brother is a politician .	0
uh , she 's just a girl .	this is set up by the hair that doc found at our victims .	0
whatever got silicon valley going , its advantages in attracting quality labor and venture capital multiplied as the region grew .	whatever moves silicon valley forward , its benefits in attracting highly skilled labor and venture capital are eventually recognized in the development and growth of the entire region .	1
i 'd like to apologize right here and now ... for whatever it is i did .	no , just think .	0
`` i wish it was me you come for , '' one of the others muttered .	`` i wish you 'd come for me , '' one of the patients said .	1
he made a phone call to a rebirth boxing gym in the ninth ward at 6:00 p.m. the night before his death .	( b ) the name to which the applications should be sent .	0
perfect . childress :	probably some rotting curse , and i 'd like you to fix this .	0
she said , '' i hope you choke on your own bile ... ... you pretentious , conniving snake. ``	okay , that 's enough .	0
the latter had an administrative authorisation to provide to the public , for consideration , gaming and entertainment machines in restaurants and amusement arcades owned by him .	the latter had administrative permission to operate to pay the prize slot machines and entertainment equipment in the cafes and games he owned .	1
i do n't think she did .	i do n't see you working with butter and cream , and yet you 're so skinny .	0
only one of the fusion generators is operational , so we do n't have power for things like replicators .	there is only one of the fusion generators in operation and we do n't have an enegic on devices such as replicators .	1
come on , stand with me .	one ball at a time , peter .	0
whistler : michael ... ... if you do n't give me that gun , i 'm gon na shoot you in the head .	michael , if you do n't give me your gun , i 'll have to cut your head .	1
l- i was n't asking .	consultations with interested parties have already taken place on the subject , but the government has not yet commented on these proposals .	0
oh , i thought she turned you down .	i 'm dr. gonzo .	0
'but by your own wish , dear sue , we are only to be friends , not lovers !	`` by your own wish , however , we must only be friends , not lovers .	1
so , salmon , huh ? yum .	it 's a salmon , huh ?	1
can you tell if the same artist did these ?	i 'm not very good at this .	0
otherwise , this wonderful casino will close permanently very quickly .	otherwise , your beautiful casino can become very fast , and it 's closed .	1
even when they let me go to prague , there is no way back ...	once i 'm in prague , there 's no going back ...	1
this is south ridgewood . you want 1053 north ridgewood .	you 're looking for 1053 north ridgewood !	1
i lay down along by the tarpaulin ; my rug wraps me more closely , and i fall into a deep sleep .	most of you have seen me try to shoot my head off .	0
what is this ? it 's just a video confessional .	just a video confession .	1
`` just another word . ''	`` one more . ''	1
i 'm coming to get you	i 'm coming for you .	1
we got 7,000 felony indictments in the bronx every year .	every year there are 7,000 charges of heavy crimes committed in the bronx .	1
blue is so blah , and purple just pops , do n't you think ? !	tom colton .	0
riding lights flashed on the flycycles .	i know the boy .	0
he was busy finishing off pug 's dinner .	he was busy commenting on pug 's dinner .	1
would he feel insulted , what do you think ?	or do you think he would have offended ?	1
completely crazy !	complete fool !	1
they probably sell churros .	it 's probably selling mexican noodles .	1
shit , it 's the principal .	you 're perfect with debbie .	0
i wo n't get up .	i wo n't .	1
and the other day at the golf course ... my cousin entered into that , too .	why do you think i destroyed your apartment ?	0
i 've seen you scarfing down those buttered rolls .	i saw you cutting the butter rolls .	1
ooh , herman , get in here .	the misty sunshine of the late winter afternoon framed his figure by soft light .	0
by selecting the varieties to be pollinated i can create the most exotic colours .	by selecting a variety to produce pollination , i can select the potatoes of the most exotic colors .	1
the observation is correct and the result of lacking resources in a period of considerable rebuilding and refurbishing of the eea facilities .	this observation is justified and is due to the lack of resources in a period of much extensive re-construction and refurbishment of the european environment agency .	1
this period was subsequently extended until 30 june 2006 .	this period was eventually extended to 30.june 2006 .	1
a whole 20 ?	but this is crazy .	0
red here .	i ca n't form memories .	0
it 's really none of your ...	what about my sea monster ?	0
if you 'd like to give me a call and talk , here 's my number .	spotlights shone out of the driveway , and the lights of the parking lot reflected off the long black bodywork .	0
you 're so interested in the truth , ask quinn .	i thought ...	0
what could you give me that 'll make me reconsider asking my two associates here to tie you up in a bag with the nearest mountain lion ?	what can you give me to change my mind of asking my companions to tie you up with guns ?	1
`` distract me , please , '' he ordered .	`` pick up the mood , please , '' he commanded .	1
i worried you could n't leave tess alone .	what if someone comes back to check it out ?	0
`` there 's a strong probability that regan 's disorder is rooted in a guilt over -- - ''	`` it is largely likely that regan 's disorder is rooted in guilt because of ... ''	1
she came here about a year ago .	entreri did n't even blink , but his sword glowed as if echoing his pride and smoldering anger .	0
this would make it one of the most important discoveries ever .	kept , muscular , pleasantly rounded .	0
now dog .	no dog .	1
meeting the clerk 's gaze he said , `` you 're not the man i spoke to .	when his gaze met the clerk , he added : `` but it was n't you i was talking to yesterday .	1
um- there is someone that i know of who could possibly help you .	i know someone who can help .	1
and yet we were the first responders .	and yet we were the first to respond .	1
they were not badly off whilst morel was in the hospital .	they should n't have gone wrong until morel was in hospital .	1
get it .	`` it is an honor to welcome you to your humble abode . ''	0
i know that at one stage you lived with someone ...	but when one time you live with someone ...	1
strathmore frowned , chewing his lip .	if he goes to the mine , i 'll hold him .	0
we go to your buddies .	do you think he can handle it ?	0
i used to have to feed him . once a week , i 'd give him a live mouse .	risa will be there , she promised , for sure !	0
miss kantor would not look straight at stella .	naoki , what 's going on ?	0
you violated the terms of the understanding .	you sure ?	0
we 're getting out of here .	let 's get out of here .	1
the dwarf pushed himself back from the parapet .	the dwarf stepped back from the parapet .	1
are you going to say it or am i ?	are you gon na say it or do you want me to ?	1
you believe it all , don'tyou ?	nanny spat out the emotion .	0
expanding group memberships for % s .	unpacking group membership for % s .	1
bondarenko was very surprised by that .	bondarenko asked , surprised .	1
i mean , we do n't even know what we have yet .	unless she was set up .	0
opening hours	it 's a heart monitor .	0
we just wrapped up several hours of talks with a guy named borren .	we just killed a couple of hours talking to a guy named borren .	1
all we need to do now , man , is just --	now all we have to do is ...	1
`` maybe there had been some sort of revolt .	or it was some kind of mutiny .	1
i thought about devon hardy and his red sticks with the multicolored wires running in all directions .	i was thinking of devon hardy and his red patrons , of which they led all directions of multicolored wires .	1
his own private polls showed fowler ahead by fourteen points .	i 'm out there chasing maury , but i needed to see you .	0
i do , sir , i do ! officer :	i want , sir , i do !	1
the voice of a child .	are you sure we 're at the right address ?	0
you think ... you think this is post traumatic stress ?	in england .	0
raistlin had endeavored to explain to his mother where he was going , but she had been completely unable to comprehend .	mcclane !	0
it was quick and good .	he called the driver and drove .	0
( 2 ) oj l 302 , 19.10.1992 , p. 1 . regulation as last amended by the 2003 act of accession .	he 's the guy with the leg .	0
left is communist .	maybe lacey is actually talking out of the way as a result of her fear , as leverthal suggested .	0
the prisoner looked a striking forty or so years of age , and wore a torn brown silk tunic and trousers .	`` come on , corporal , there 's no need for that , '' said the sergeant , leaning more comfortably in the creaking chair .	0
i thought we could count on our love for one another .	i think the subcontracting is worth the investment and you should be able to complete the project by the last term .	0
will he be working tonight ?	you drop the keys and they 'll fly up the flagstones .	0
cop or crook , what 's the diff ?	cop or con artist , what 's the difference ?	1
come on , faster , evan , faster !	come on ! faster !	1
normally i enjoy strolling through the booths , but tonight , with markie beside me , i was too distracted to concentrate on the displays .	they 've got pre-installed lots of combinations , and their list should be here .	0
evidently , they were lying to us too .	apparently they lied to us .	1
you had nothing to do with that ugliness , you hear me ? nothing .	you ca n't take them out of this room , do n't copy , do n't take notes .	0
that 's roughly the same length of time since adams was in the corps .	that 's roughly the same length as adams left the corps .	1
the renault megane 265. this is the darling of all the car magazines .	this is the darling of all motor magazines .	1
and what would you do if you could find the resources ?	what would you do if you found the money ?	1
( snarls ) - stay in the house !	she needed reassurance that thomas would n't be upset when he starts talking about his illness again .	0
there are hardly any left .	there 's almost no one left .	1
it 's ours , sir , it 's ours !	he 's ours .	1
still a giant concrete gutter .	this is kate and terry .	0
ok , stop .	but he did n't escape .	0
i got a gift .	we work hard to make your life better .	0
`` for i am one of the last of the golden dragons , dwarf , and none of the lesser dragons have the art of sorcery .	`` because i 'm the last of the golden dragons , and none of the smaller sands can do magic .	1
although we have no confirmation , several sources are reporting that this was an act of terror targeting the memorial service for vice president walden .	there was a marginal waterfall in front of them , and he looked exactly like an illuminated white highway .	0
we 're coming , richard .	i put my story in your grazier 's hands and i wo n't be taken away from you !	0
stating the terms and conditions of a new will , to come into effect , monday morning .	it lays out the principles and conditions of a new will , entering into force on monday morning .	1
even while i waited , somehow , dear , i knew you'dfind me , andl'dfindyou	even if i waited , somehow , dear , i know , you would have found me , i would have found you .	1
you are a selfish dickhole .	all right , four .	0
i 'm going to bury something next to the palm tree a couple of feet out towards the apartment .	the competition was in full swing , and several categories were running together , and the air was filled with polished pieces of plastic spinning in all directions .	0
novotny could see that even with the oxygen mask , the logger had great difficulty breathing .	maybe rico gave us the right number .	0
heavy curtains had been left across the windows , and these were mildewed .	but who is he ?	0
there is something i would like to discuss .	to get jesus ' forgiveness .	0
you said you hated your ex-husband , but clearly you 're still very much in love with him .	you said you hated your ex-husband .	1
that 's what normal sisters do .	there it is !	0
solve them once and for all .	the solution is once and for all .	1
mostly a bear will only come out in winter if it 's hungry , and then it would n't be thinking about territorial marks .	a bear in winter mostly climbs only when he 's hungry , and then he definitely does n't think about branching out territory .	1
and i was n't such a twat .	i just do n't see any target , stuart .	0
well , before we do anything ,	the facts in the file show that the applicant had never encountered his child .	0
kissinger gave a lecture to us at georgetown…	no , that 's good .	0
i do not read the books , i write them .	hell , i do n't read books .	1
will you marry me ?	lilly , do you want to marry me ?	1
the defense calls to the oyster bar thing where they sit the adopted daughter , lindsay bluth .	the defense calls on the oyster bench , the adoptive daughter of the defendant , lindsay bluth .	1
i feel really stiff .	fabian knipper ( 1463 / 2010 ) ;	0
let us get your son somewhere safe .	wait , according to this table , i still have a little dick !	0
you come to this country , take advantage of it ... and think because we 're tolerant , we are weak and helpless .	you came here , you took advantage of the system , and you think if we 're tolerant , we 're weak and defenseless .	1
we got to keep monitoring that fan page before he has a chance to kill again .	we need to start tracking this page before the killer gets another chance to kill .	1
but he told me not to tell .	but he told me i should n't have told anyone .	1
so these organisms are somehow connected ... to the creatures from the museum , right ?	`` well , it 's a pyrite , or ... ''	0
man would be interested in our impressions .	humans will be interested in our perceptions .	1
possibly to the point of homicide .	maybe at the murder scene .	1
'this was just the beginning .	we 'll be in touch with you this week .	0
let them go outside to play .	they ate it up with the winch .	0
i have n't told you anything , right ?	i did n't tell you ?	1
i am truly fucking sick of this shit .	i 'm really sick of it .	1
be careful . forty-three per cent of marriages end in divorce .	the organisers have attempted to show the importance of scientific discoveries , methods for their achievement , and changes to their use in industry and in normal life .	0
you 're not finished with me .	he represented the kind of man whose responses are perfectly appraised only when confronted with a clearly greater force and authority .	0
put it on that rock there .	barry 's shoulders are pretty broad too .	0
a death .	like death .	1
walking shoes , size eight .	boots , eight .	1
reinforcements have arrived from the nursing home in conifer .	use this .	0
you 're cristina 's friend .	you 're her best friend .	1
no , that how we speak .	no , we talk like that .	1
i 've just said that , agnes dear .	that 's what i said , dear agnes .	1
but other than that he 's been very nice .	but besides , he was very nice .	1
she was upset . well , until she was n't , you know ?	until she was , you know ?	1
as good to me as anyone ever was .	he was as nice to me as anyone before .	1
vella , as lush as ever , wandered idly among the flowerbeds , dressed in her tight‑fitting nadrak vest and leather trousers .	blood creatinine increased , myositis	0
you 're doing all right .	i 'm about to get citizenship .	0
i mean , you know what i mean .	i mean ... you know .	1
it is tonight , is not it ?	it 's tonight , right ?	1
that 's not a sir !	he 's not a man !	1
you off , franky ?	are you coming , franky ?	1
i 'll hang up this phone . and then i 'll show these people what you do n't want them to see .	you 're done with nobley , right ?	0
no if . i am telling the truth .	i 'm telling you the truth .	1
dana , i 'm begging you .	dana , please ...	1
further changes are needed regarding the method for allocating limited interconnector capacity .	further changes are in the way of allocation of a limited interconnection capacity .	1
just need rest .	i need to rest .	1
and then he could be out of here .	this needs to change if we are to successfully address the main weaknesses .	0
say , this reminds me of that time i ate that other watch kif gave you .	she treated people .	0
fatah 's trail will be cold , but see who 's talking .	and he was going to the library , to his shelter , to learn to distance himself from humiliation and indifference. ``	0
it 's a shame you have to wait for a poor old devil to die before parting with 500 quid .	shame on the poor guy to die before you dump the $ 5 .	1
of no stink . i do n't smell anything .	except carl and her landlord did n't know he lived here .	0
it 's like getting back on your bike .	nothing will be until you pay .	0
please disperse at once	please disperse immediately .	1
just like a candle .	just like a candlestick .	1
if we send a fast owl we should make the morning edition ! '	stay away from me .	0
this is n't happening . and if it should be happening , it would be all right .	and if that is happening , then it will be fine .	1
mom , ca n't we get a horse ? .not while we 're in washington , honey . .why not , mom ?	mom , can we get a horse ?	1
do not attempt to go to central .	do n't try to go to headquarters .	1
you just gon na keep the car parked right there , huh ?	his wife pulled a molecular deadlock from her handbag .	0
the teachergate opened and major anderson came into the room .	even the work ?	0
i was three deep with fake safe houses trying to keep this place from her .	i made three fake houses to keep her elsewhere .	1
you try to be sincere -	i 'm trying to be honest ,	1
well , two more . hallelujah .	i just have to figure out a way to get into him .	0
no ? he 's my daughter 's fiancée . oh .	but the american white horse would never have gotten into switzerland with the money .	0
they think they 're protecting her by building a wall around her .	| | 2 184.3 heading 2	0
believe it or not , this was the one chore i missed in the army .	believe it or not , this is what i lacked in the army .	1
what 's this about ?	what good is this ?	1
oh , tare an'ouns , do n't leave me in the hands of this quack .	that 's what tara 's saying , but she won the maiden category .	0
the black boats of the canals were gondolas .	the staff do n't love me .	0
`` that 's interesting . what does that mean to you ? anger is a blocked wish . ''	`` that 's interesting , anger is a suppressed wish . ''	1
i mean , think about it .	paul and maryanne found a house close to them ... ... which they like to finish before the one in bedford hills .	0
we 're looking for a backer .	maybe next time you 'll listen to me ! ``	0
'good day , kruppe . '	'hello , kruppe .	1
wait . i ... oh ! well , it flew at my head .	wait , it 's all over my head .	1
the d.a . has to prove that stanton infeld killed gibson hawke . i 'll save her some time .	very good .	0
let them get closer .	let them swim closer .	1
it could be secured from the outside with three great metal bolts .	we 're searching the building for radiation .	0
masha , does it ever get good ?	masa , will it ever be any good ?	1
what 's happening to me ? ''	what will happen to me ? ``	1
is that so unusual ?	this can best be ensured by removing the dumped behaviour in order to further exist in the community industry .	0
i took it with me out of memnoch 's hell , when all his imps tried to take it from me . ''	i took it from memnoch 's hell , even though all his orcs were trying to take him away. ``	1
`what is it you wish me to do ? '	you ca n't do the job all the time .	0
you like l.a. , father ?	we 're safe here .	0
'it speaks well , ' ghnomb , god of eat , said .	`` sounds good , '' said ghnomb , the god of the food .	1
she was wearing the snub-nosed revolver under her blazer in a pancake holster snug against her ribs , with a speed­loader straddling her belt on the other side .	the only thing i knew , and i know now , is that i get you .	0
i 've heard some funny rumours , but no one 's ever complained .	he saved for something , something to do with this .	0
she was there , then , hm ?	you counted eight more people , so it 's like 12 million in the safe .	0
he could not understand the absence of whispering winds .	they knew the tyranny of the tyrant and examined them .	0
yes , it is .	oh , yeah .	1
do something , somebody !	do something !	1
i was ... directed ...	there 's a certain suspicion that you 've somehow become involved with zoblo .	0
you call off calletti .	ah .	0
nothing . - just discussing the lady 's dress .	we just commented on the lady 's dress .	1
if she can deliver him to the brink of death , i 'll finish the job .	postmort can be streamlined to feature a video recorder .	0
i 'm much obliged , miss mills .	i 'm very honored , miss mills .	1
on the bus i felt so ashamed and shitty .	it 's the best i 've ever had , including phil huntley .	0
here 's something we have n't seen before : a mound of dirt , a foot and a half in diameter .	i do n't contaminate my life .	0
you hear that ? anybody bothers her , he 'll knock their teeth out . then he can put them back in , too .	i saw you in hale.but you were busy .	0
ellie , they were smart .	i do n't know if i 've told you about this .	0
look , it 's three pieces ; it matches , okay ?	put it down , you in the front !	0
she 's using you to make me work harder . really ?	she 's using you to work harder .	1
sophie sliding down that pole .	this combination of higher clean supply and lower demand largely affects the proper functioning of the european carbon market in the transition to phase 3 .	0
uh-huh . - how quick do you learn ?	how fast do you learn ?	1
which is exactly why i brought this up .	that 's exactly why i came out with it .	1
and since we 're friends , we probably should n't waste each other 's time .	and since we 're your friends , we should n't be wasting our time .	1
tabori and takagishi were involved in their usual postprandial chess match .	i think he 's doing well , but i think you should ask boss here .	0
it 's all cool .	he looks like a samurai family .	0
invalid module type for % 1 .	last week they arrested everyone .	0
heidi turner is going to have a slumber party on thursday night .	heidi turner is hosting a bed party on thursday .	1
( b ) for sweet peppers sized by weight :	a major historic event : prague has played an important role in the history of the nation , country and europe .	0
not even i can get to the upper reaches .	you do it for me , you do n't need to know .	0
i wanted to prove myself .	i wanted to prove something .	1
now he 'll ruin you .	he will destroy you .	1
just to support these efforts .	who would support those efforts .	1
maybe i do n't wan na be an actress any more .	i do n't even want to be an actress .	1
'true , ' said serbitar .	i got a tattoo in 20 years , but that 's ...	0
it 's a top-secret government facility .	it 's a highly classified government device .	1
is he all right ?	now you talk sense .	0
support will also be given to clean coal technologies as technologies complementary to ccs .	net burning of coal as a technology complementary ccs will also be supported .	1
in a weird wash of homesickness , he longed to look her up and compare notes .	his lips caressed over my skin .	0
a twinning project begun in 2009 contributed to the successful adoption in 2010 of a new law on criminal procedure .	tanda and aahz laughed , as if i 'd told my biggest joke .	0
we'il wait behind the factory .	we 'll wait for the factory .	1
rabbi feldman 's doing it for me on shabbat and he 's flying against the talmud there .	`` let 's see - ''	0
mitch was in no condition to be rational .	63 -- - do n't blow it , larry .	0
they 're all skinners .	we must have forgotten something small .	0
they totally ate it up .	when someone dies , people in that house should be covered in mirrors so that the soul ca n't be trapped .	0
we should start our own holiday .	what have you done ?	0
'i wo n't ever forget , ' she said .	`` i 'll never forget that , '' she said .	1
what is it about this girl ?	i do n't have an opinion , sir .	0
on our honeymoon .	in paris , our honeymoon .	1
deck 3 , section 1 5 .	and stop with the coffee .	0
' % s ' does not take a value	`` but you asked ! ''	0
relax , elmont .	take it easy , elmont .	1
you okay , master gunny ?	you all right , sergeant ?	1
i was 16 , and it was in a baseball dugout ...	what 's going on ?	0
look , can you give her job back ?	( 3 ) oj l 131 , 5.5.1998 , p .	0
what a thoroughly unmarvelous marriage this will be .	what a perfectly normal marriage .	1
[ 13 ] sec ( 2007 ) 241	did i accidentally drop a condom on your futon ?	0
another thing .	and one more thing .	1
there are gays all over here .	there 's fags everywhere .	1
i know it 's live . i look like an idiot ?	it would be like ... forgetting the present .	0
gemma : she 's the one who told me her baby was choking .	`` yes . ''	0
according to my scans , he came through the portal some time between the second and the third pilgrimages .	according to my surveys , he went through a portal sometime between the second and third innings .	1
we will not rest until the dealers ... ... and the police who providethem comfort are brought to justice .	we wo n't rest until all the dealers ... ... and the policemen that provide them comfortable will not be brought to justice .	1
and by coincidence , both you and mrs. crater requested salt tablets .	i have to get jenna .	0
so they elevated it .	and so they raised it .	1
these are underprivileged kids who 've managed to refocus their anger ... ... into something constructive .	then millions of years of evolution .	0
only an overgrown mophead like you would be stupid enough ...	well , call .	0
τo the late-night double feature picture show	on a late-night double slice of a film show from the rko ,	1
not only do you tell everybody , hey , but now i 'm gon na tell it in front of capri and on camera .	wherever the surveillance train was anywhere ( possibly murdered ) , he had no way to get through to his help .	0
please just - just leave me .	please just go .	1
nothing can save you from that .	to configure the driver , the kernel module , or kernel module , select the `` conﬁgable driver '' menu .	0
why you looking for verona ' anyway ?	why do you want to find verona ?	1
call me . amy :	call me .	1
the sachet foil is comprised of a lamination of nylon , aluminium foil and a heat seal layer of a copolymer of polyethylene and polymethacrylic acid .	the data , together with the relevant listing , shall be sent to the supervisory authorities of the countries in which lloyd 's association is established .	0
we 'll make a night of it .	tonight is going to be a good night .	1
nothing , dear !	i 'm sorry i 'm not paying white accounts .	0
you can not know how much .	you do n't even know how .	1
thus housing may be a factor behind the rigidity of local labour markets and reduced labour mobility .	it 's over , is n't it ?	0
my present ?	and a present ?	1
dear hood , come find me .	master hood , come and get me .	1
you know what his problem is ? he was jealous because he ca n't afford a place of his own . ah .	his problem is that he 's jealous that he ca n't afford his own cottage .	1
to the king 's house at jericho .	to the royal house in jericho .	1
i do n't want you to .	i never thought of that .	0
do you have coffee ?	do you have an espresso too ?	1
first , i would like to thank my producer edie athens .	first of all , i want to thank my producer edie athens , as well as hy gordon 's and lina lasalle 's .	1
is that that sniper again ?	sniper shot again ?	1
i left my purse atthe bronze .	i left my bag in the bronx .	1
what sort of man was sean ?	well , i tried .	0
so , in a sense i saved her ...	so i saved her .	1
what could be so great about gagging on some douchebag 's tongue ?	what i have seen would feed more of the legions that rome has ever had .	0
meier .	meier ...	1
police had recovered the jewels from the earlier burglaries , which led to the capture and arrest of the prime suspect , c. w. briggs .	police found jewellery from previous robberies that led to arrest and imprisonment , chief suspect c.w . briggs .	1
not too many helicopter landing spots in the city .	i know i still have the spell with me !	0
the angle on this footage is by its mouth .	the angle on this shot is at his mouth .	1
i 'm not sure he can .	he continued to sit comfortably for less than a half-foot from where he was when kev went to the bunker for the first time .	0
this one here	here 's this	1
but how was he to understand them ?	and there were lots of them !	0
so i had you “ tracked down , ” as you put it in your letter .	that 's why i tracked you down , as you called it in your letter .	1
a man who gave you a home ?	the man who gave you the home ? the man who baptised you .	1
good . any difficulty ?	any trouble ?	1
`` humiliate them enough . '' said petra , `` and you 've merely set the stage for the next war . ''	can i take bellicek ?	0
he laughs , he cries , he sings .	laughing , crying , singing .	1
and you knew i could n't say no if he was involved .	loosen your hand .	0
you just happen to have one of those jobs that 's difficult to ... ... believe that a grown man does without losing his mind .	watch depth .	0
it 's my personal ns-5 .	it 's my personal ns- 5 .	1
financial costs , net ( 7 )	depreciation of capital of eur esa ( 6 ) paragraphs 6.02 to 6.05 financial charges , net ( 7 )	1
what a surprise . just casually sitting outside your door , playing a love song to stir your inner wantings .	i never want to wake up .	0
i 'm saying , if ashley spent time here , maybe our killer did , too .	i 'm just saying that ashley spent some time here , maybe even our killer was here .	1
and i did n't want her to take it .	she saw the knife , and she wanted to take it away from me , and i did n't want her to take it .	1
procedure the steps of the prac are defined in the new article 5a .	through fraud and intimidation , the former iraqi dictatorship has largely succeeded in keeping this tragedy under wraps .	0
you 're both late .	i 'm stiff .	0
and : 'oh , jesus ! '	something smells amazing .	0
no , porfavor !	no , please !	1
we 'll talk .	so we split them up , right ?	0
mcclane , mcclane ?	you do that every time he shows up .	0
tomorrow . 9:00 a. m .	hey !	0
we 'll fix your memory circuit .	super hat .	0
naoki , what is it ?	she was badly hurt .	0
there are clouds in the sky ... and rain .	they grow like larvae in the wound , clouds and rain in the sky .	1
why do n't you try out some of that fancy talk ?	why do n't you try out a little kiss ?	1
she thinks you 're a retard .	i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-	0
a dozen air force officers got everyone seated and passed out cigarettes and liquor miniatures .	a dozen air officers settled them all and gave them cigarettes and tiny bottles of liqueur .	1
piece of shit .	again ...	0
it seems like nearly all dwarfs are the wrong sort , eh ?	looks like most dwarves were the wrong kind , huh ?	1
the newest attacks were by protestants ?	the last time they attacked protestants ?	1
tell him i 'm straight .	tell him i 'm normal .	1
scott , pull up here .	look , ca n't he get the job back ?	0
girls ! come on ! let 's go !	girls , hurry up !	1
it was till you come up .	it was before you came .	1
he does n't mean them , he means us .	i was born here .	0
stay where you are iout of sight !	if we could melt all the ice and frozen carbon dioxide , we 'd get a few things .	0
look . i get it .	look what i got at the grocery store .	0
would you relax ? .	can you calm down ?	1
can i hike your clothes ? no .	how are you doing ?	0
they 're excited . and i did n't even have to pay them this time .	residents in fairview were looking forward to every tuesday .	0
( peter ) walter !	walter !	1
it 's another of madagascar 's many oddities .	i often recall snatches of memories , especially when i smell her perfume .	0
not after . that was before .	not then , but before .	1
and how about you ? what would you like to say to your bully out there ?	and what would you like to tell your aggressor ?	1
what the hell kind of judge would issue this thing ?	what are you trying to tell me ?	0
okay , dina ,	all right , dina .	1
it 's the police ! freeze !	look in the back .	0
i guess ncis is n't `` just anyone . ''	i do n't think ncis is anyone .	1
do n't make a spectacle of yourself and go to your room !	do n't make a scene . go to your room .	1
now , you may proceed with your other duties .	my people need to handle the problem .	0
cap -- captain .	`` we screwed up both , sergeant . ''	0
after all this , i wanted to change .	i wanted to move out after all .	1
and jack had roger sharpen his stick at both ends .	jack ordered roger to sharpen both ends of the stick .	1
yeah . speaking of rory -- is there anything that you want to tell me ?	speaking of rory ... do n't you have something to tell me ?	1
the earl had sat silent throughout , thoughtful blue eyes studying each speaker in turn .	the baby ...	0
dr. gervitz 's office manager , if you must know everything .	the head of dr. garwitz 's department , since you must know everything .	1
so why did n't you chop it off ?	then why do n't you cut it ?	1
something that 'll take you that long to do .	something that will take time .	1
a substantial amount of active shares were tied to the pakistan deal .	i appreciate it .	0
suppose i found a radioisotope that could selectively attach itself to specific dna sequences .	like a garden land .	0
what could he accomplish burdened by a weak and frightened girl ?	what will you do with a weak and frightened girl ? !	1
beet beta vulgaris l.- sugar beet beta vulgaris l.- fodder beet ii .	beet beet beta vulgaris l. - river feed ii .	1
a day ago the future had looked aching and desolate , and now it looked full of surprises and terror and bad things happening to people ...	he lets him hop in the waves for a few minutes , then pulls it out and reads it .	0
you should appreciate the action you know what i mean .	let 's find out if we can do it without a pill for better digestion these days .	0
i 'm just trying to work in .	`` no , ''	0
there is still not a single clue as to where it has gone - or why .	we still have no idea where he may have gone - or why .	1
you don ’ t want the car ? just say the word .	you do n't want that car ?	1
broken neck , shattered skull --	a-228 ... .	0
he 'd struck the charging monster right behind the left shoulder , driving the head of the arrow into and through the pig 's massive heart .	you 'll snap your stitches if you 're not careful .	0
mabel 3 to hustlers :	mabel 3 fighters :	1
calm down ? !	in a spinning spiral .	0
calm down , professor .	steady , professor .	1
do n't be alarmed .	'you surprise me sometimes , talen , 'dolmant said .	0
drink this liquid .	the big anson 's horse reared up , pounded his forelegs in the air , and dropped them to the ground with a massive thud .	0
bio lab . –it 's van de merwe .	van de merwe .	1
doctor wagner , he went to düsseldorf .	dr. wagner went to düsseldorf .	1
well , maybe you have .	well , maybe he does .	1
it 's nice to keep in touch .	it 's good to be in touch .	1
no one should be forced to suffer my company . i 'm surprised i was even invited .	no one should be forced to suffer my company .	1
`` we are in territory which may be hostile .	`` we are in danger territory .	1
if we leave here , they will kill us too .	if we can get out of here , they 'll kill us .	1
are you okay ?	`` are you all right ? ''	1
you would n't have sold them to me at the price you did .	what exactly does modnet make ?	0
no , that 's his sister 's picture . he uses it to fool others	no , that was his sister 's picture .	1
she 's perfectlyhealthy , both mentally and physically .	now , please pay attention .	0
only for transit through the union . ’	hold hands .	0
and i am sorry about my uncivil tongue .	murrow sympathized with the communists since 1930 .	0
hey , some people are n't good with secrets , some people are n't good with money .	penalties applicable to carriers in the non-compliance of a contract :	0
i would get out her trump and call her .	if you do n't want to be completely honest with me , i do n't want to go on .	0
all right , i deserve that .	sometimes we throw discs with al .	0
`` if you two are through yukking it up , i need a ride home . ''	`` if you 've laughed enough , i need a ride home . ''	1
( c ) 'large enterprises ' shall mean enterprises not coming under the definition of small and medium-sized enterprises ; '' . ;	`` large enterprises '' ; `` enterprises that do not fit the definition of smes . ''	1
mutiny most foul .	you know , when someone does n't want to tell us , there 's usually something to hide .	0
how long do you think you can stay ?	and how long will you stay ?	1
that 's what we think , yeah .	hell , that 's the third part of the same story .	0
he gave me some bullshit about artistic differences . what the hell happened ?	i 'm not doing any of this .	0
only the three guys that survived , plus , uh , her platoon leader ...	if you leave now and do n't look back , you can trust it for the rest of your life .	0
no , you would n't have done it .	'the guy 's crazy ! 'schaffer whispered , shocked .	0
man , this place is crawling with hot chicks and we 're just sitting here like our balls are stuck together .	guys , this place is loaded with wonderful women and we 're just sitting here to have our balls glued to it .	1
tell this girl how you feel .	tell her what you feel .	1
you do n't make love to someone and then never call them unless you were greatly disappointed .	you ca n't make love to someone and not even call him ... ... unless he 's really disappointed .	1
so what else did you ?	what have you done ?	1
method iec electromagnetic field the vas/as shall undergo the basic test .	listen , i wanted to say thank you for everything you 've done for me .	0
well , it is n't the right time , anyway .	anyway , now is not a good time .	1
i do n't know what i did in a previous life to get a boss like you .	i do n't know what i was doing in my past life .	1
jorge was saying that it is not licit to use ridiculous images to decorate books that contain the truth .	what 's so personal that i ca n't see ?	0
we figured some stuff out .	we found out a few things .	1
cyrano de bergerac !	cyrano from bergerac ,	1
'help me , michael . please . '	help me , michael .	1
no , i ca n't . i 've got early shift .	skynet 's death valley .	0
this girl has arrived .	not really ?	0
no , i have to go to shekhar 's .	in the interests of clarity , directive 86 / 613 / eec should be replaced by this directive .	0
somehow it reminds me of the earth .	`` because of the letter she got .	0
and that way i could go on with my life as if he never happened .	i found a source of that smell .	0
it 's tough when they leave the nest .	turito , it 's okay .	0
most of the women made it into the middle of their second trimester .	i 'll never understand how you survived for so long .	0
film coat :	coat layer :	1
he convinced donny that the whiskey would fetch a better price if he sold a bottle at a time .	he convinced donny that the whiskey would throw much more if they sell one bottle every once in a while .	1
`` failed to heal the mother .	they could n't heal their mother .	1
... the facilities ?	a device ?	1
`` right , '' luke said , a little dryly .	`` that 's it , '' luke said dryly .	1
i think i 'll just disappoint you .	well , that 's not funny .	0
yeah . got ta love the future .	close other open documents and exit applications .	0
and do n't microwave it neither .	do n't put it in the microwave .	1
hey ! will you two morons knock it off !	will you two dummies stop ?	1
promise me you 'll look me up when you get stateside , huh ?	i could only imagine that he would present any challenge to him and he would accept it , just to test himself .	0
let us hear from crixus !	we want to hear it from crixus !	1
whoever they feel was responsible for his death .	to anyone who claims to be responsible for his death .	1
ex . cuse me .	something like that .	0
that a way to swing the bat .	i know you try and somewhere , but where have you been , man ?	0
`` you know what that makes me want to do ? ''	`` you know what i want to do ? '' i asked .	1
you should n't speak to our friends like that . ''	you should n't talk to our friends like that. ``	1
lf it 's leonard , i 'll call back .	sheldon went home to texas .	0
he reached up , ran a hand through his hair and removed it .	the cast of `` yancheng long xia '' is being hunted in places where sweet and salty water comes down , in the river doulong river .	0
his skin was already numb from the cold , his mind dulled by the shock of his circumstances .	and then it goes very much , and germany will be liberated .	0
you have to listen to what this guy 's got to say .	we have to hear what this guy is about to say .	1
alice , your wife , sent me .	mostly from people to wind .	0
i will tell you what they pay me , and you will tell me if this is ... a servant 's wages .	last night you did something philosophers think about .	0
`` dr. strassen has left .	before i go on , i have to ask :	0
`` you 're some kind of nut , lady , '' said raych aggrievedly .	this is thomas .	0
look , i 'm sorry if i gave you the wrong idea about us , but ...	like that , i 'm sorry that i had an illusion about you , but ...	1
vlastní náklad / 2011 genres : electronic , pop luno02 reviews cd	our own cargo / 2011 genres : electronic , pop luno02 cd	1
the material is imported . taiwanese .	my name 's blue raja .	0
something happened . somehow she found more oxygen , but that will only give us a minute or so .	come in !	0
wow , what strong wind !	it 's a strong wind !	1
i was just making conversation .	i just wanted to talk .	1
math question : 7 + 8 =	math question : 1 + 2 =	1
come on , honey . do n't stay at a hotel .	i 'm sure they want to give you your own boat .	0
another time , yes ?	some other time , okay ?	1
hardly had i gone a hundred yards when i stumbled headfirst into an obstacle concealed in the foliage .	she woke up ... here. ``	0
`` that 's pretty fierce , '' he gasped .	`` it 's quite strong , '' he said .	1
shecan take care of herself .	it 's not about the two of us , milo !	0
yes , i tend to agree with you , mcgee .	yes , i 'll agree with you , mcgee .	1
dad , do us .	you 're going to give me a ride , man .	0
but she was not interested .	article 8 transfer of boundaries 1 .	0
and you were the first guy i had tushy sex with .	and you were the first guy i ever had anal with .	1
pug said , 'the one ' who lives here is brother to one of my old teachers , for whom the pattern was emplaced .	pug explained : `` the one who lives here is the brother of one of my old teachers who placed this pattern here .	1
oh , god , no .	oh , my god .	1
a sentimental gesture perhaps for old tom had been the one who had encouraged and counselled zouga ballantyne on his first expedition to zambezia .	tom harkness was the only man who supplied the courage to advise when zouga ballantyne was preparing for his first expedition to zambezia .	1
silas got a tattoo on his ass , too ?	did silas tattoo him too ?	1
sergeant , can you step outside ?	sarge , can you get out of here ?	1
were those same words pleaded by my wife ?	that 's something else .	0
pet 's a big responsibility .	the animal is a responsibility .	1
uh , wh-what do you believe ?	what do you believe ?	1
the gods should n't tantalize us so , rufio .	divide by three and then ...	0
victory can not rest on dreams alone	`` now you put it on your hands , '' said the lecturer in recent runes .	0
yeah . so , what kind of music does numbnuts ...	i do n't feel anything .	0
might i hazard an alternative suggestion ?	but i do n't want to !	0
elevated cpk , myositis	i 'll be fine .	0
hi ! i missed you .	there is a particular need for threats against customers to benefit from special benefits if it is needed to safeguard consumer protection .	0
i thought it could be cured .	i thought you could be treated .	1
lieutenant tracy refuses to confirm or deny that police believe the incidents are related .	lt. tracy declined to comment to the landlord that police believe the cases are related .	1
just think .	jake took it for one , and susannah 's second .	0
no thanks to you . if you 'd come forward , cleared your brother 's name , she might not have spent the last two years hiding .	if you had confessed and cleaned up his brother 's name , he might not have had to hide for the last two years .	1
you ? you can barely stand at all !	if we want to make honors within five days , we 'll have to take it out of all the shops at woonjgga .	0
the staff resent me .	are you all right ?	0
32 w hat an afternoon !	32 hairy in the afternoon !	1
but in the eyes of the law ... the radcliffs are emily 's parents .	i have no idea what the hell you 're talking about .	0
at any rate , they caught them up , changed them into drawings , and trapped them in those books . ''	time is money , commander .	0
no . charlie runs the show , which makes no sense .	no , no , wait ... it runs charlie , which makes no sense .	1
why did i ever quit ? .you have n't worked out for a while ?	when they reached the studio , she introduced colleen 's friend to a small separate room that was affectionately called `` the arena . ''	0
keep your eye out for a dr. ryan brock .	amazing !	0
3 article 2 of regulation no 1049/2001 provides : ‘ 1 .	your baby .	0
and he ’ s dying .	i 'd like to take you .	0
yeah , you understand .	yeah , you know .	1
right , try it now .	well , try .	1
just the sound of her feet on the asphalt . she likes to run alone .	she likes to run alone .	1
verbal : he comes home to find his wife raped and children screaming .	the varlish will do a circle and they will shout and cheer for the highlanders who will beat each other .	0
i just did n't know it would be a day when i was so horny .	my client does n't feel guilty .	0
thank you for taking a chance on me .	thanks for giving me the option .	1
this prohibition shall not apply to community or national environmental labelling schemes ;	elias , we have four wounded .	0
clinton gilmore .	what if the harkonnens see an opportunity to build an accident ?	0
this child of yours has been enlightened by christ .	your child has been blessed with christ .	1
article 6 decision 2008/940/ec is repealed .	article 6 decision 2008 / 940 / ec is hereby repealed .	1
oh , yeah , you can keep your kidney ,	you can keep the kidney .	1
would you mind if we went back ? see what 's going on ?	the person voted out will become the first member of the jury .	0
duration : indefinite .	`` i 'd like to get rid of the scent of the dirty tleilaxu . ''	0
my family has 50 years wine .	my family own the vineyard , we 're making wine 50 lattes .	1
yeah , he 's independent .	yeah , he 's freelance .	1
we hit something big .	we ran into something big .	1
they put him on a big round table in the cafe napoleon .	you have to go , story .	0
a costly error , ladies and gentlemen , that 's going to haunt her the rest of her career .	if it 's for the boys , it 's a common entrance ritual for the fraternity , so why not for us , right ?	0
send evinrude back as soon as you need help .	if you need help , send ewinrude back .	1
and this used to fit on a larger spear for hunting bigger game like you know ... deer .	great .	0
i am still waiting to hear back from my contacts in moscow .	not even a family .	0
to save my sanity , i ’ d learned to focus on the screen of my smartphone instead of the cars rushing by only inches away .	to preserve my mental health , i learned to concentrate on the display of my smartphone instead of cars , which we passed within inches .	1
what to do ?	they 're old , very heavy .	0
i remember wrenching the steering wheel to my left , and slaping my foot against the break pedal .	i remember pulling the steering wheel to the left , and hitting the brake pedal .	1
he had never realized before that shared grief could be an aphrodisiac .	clear the deck .	0
do n't know . there was a bald-headed fella nosing around .	i do n't know . he was hanging around some bald guy .	1
got here two minutes before you did .	she 's the same for everyone .	0
i have just one thing to say to you , and that 's thank you .	yes , but wait , i have something to say to you , and that i thank you !	1
i 'm sorry , muffin .	this is a deadly commando in action in el salvador	0
marmaduke : you can do this , marmy . come on .	you loved her too , did n't you ?	0
that 's right , everytime i try to up the pace , i get myself in all sorts of problems .	pentagon officials gave them the points to the discussion to trace iraq as an urgent threat .	0
it - it does n't work .	it 's not working .	1
i got these for you .	he 's got a car out there .	0
'i thought you older .	`` i thought you were older .	1
god knew how much had flowed out of that unpleasant-looking red mouth and been washed away by the lake .	who locked the gate ? !	0
the first one relates to thor 's protective power .	the heat , the heat , it all evaporated .	0
this is glinn telak aboard the vetar . go ahead .	units b and c , continue your program .	0
i have heard tales of gaming debts ! oh , sister !	i 've heard stories about gambling debts !	1
in addition , a suspension measure taken vis-à-vis a non-complying counterparty may be applied to branches of the same institution established in other member states .	in addition , an exclusion measure adopted against the opposing party may also apply to branches of the same institution established in other member states .	1
thus , klausten explained , there was a limit to how detailed a rune could be created toward its effect .	in accordance with those provisions of directive 75 / 442 , the obtaining of a prior authorisation is required only for waste disposal operations .	0
you know the best part ?	they 'll search the river .	0
quit staring .	`` you want to know what it is ? ''	0
he did n't metabolize the alcohol .	he did n't drink any alcohol .	1
no gates . - altered course .	yes , on your yacht .	0
the silent , white-hot flashes continued for perhaps two minutes , then began to scatter and die .	a series of unheard flashes of white heat lasted perhaps two minutes and then began to dissipate and weaken .	1
an indo-chinese elite must be created .	spoiled rich son , nothing more .	0
what new drug deal ?	i mean , it 's not their fault , but that 's how it was until major daniel made the team .	0
these were taken at a mall in reseda ... today .	this is packed in a shopping center in reseda ... today .	1
the stock fell 18 points to an all-time low ...	shares fell 18 points to the lowest point in the company 's history ...	1
as they are all dead , it can not be argued that they would get any satisfaction from his torture .	and my mom committed suicide by jumping into a pit .	0
we can dump him there .	we can put him there .	1
if you need denise , call her on her cell .	if you need to talk to denise , call her on your mobile .	1
get them out of there , i 'm going to the hospital .	just until there 's no other rape victim .	0
convicted felons .	at the first ledge , scudi hugged him around the waist and helped him to the next ladder .	0
stay with me .	`` it is certainly petty to think of such a thing now , but i am indeed wounded in my pride .	0
well , ok , it was just a trial balloon ,	well , well , it was just a test balloon .	1
i 'm here to discuss your ongoing anger problem .	you know what 's good for you .	0
you got a better chance of winning the lotto than walking away from that .	you 've got a better chance of winning the lottery than you 're gon na make it out of it alive .	1
i have no answers .	i have a few bottles of old windy .	0
seems to me we 've just signed our own death warrants .	i said get your stuff !	0
for a sled , you need snow .	you need snow for them .	1
you really had no idea that he was doing any of this ?	the eeas shall be managed by the executive secretary-general acting under the direction of the hr .	0
could i ask you something ?	can i ask ?	1
do n't question me , marcus .	no doubt about me , marcus .	1
a flesh and blood angel that you can question , torture , that bleeds .	nathan bought it from linderman .	0
ocean view , covered parking .	i 'll come home a little later , okay ?	0
where that recent battle was !	especially the g'keek clan had been frightened to death by reports of recent events in mýti .	0
which stands for international netherlands group bank .	which means international netherlands group .	1
i fell asleep .	where did you find this ?	0
you will not participate or involve yourself in any way .	and you only did all that for selena to stay ?	0
you 're embarrassing saundra .	get off me , you ugly beast with beanie-eyes !	0
you do this every time he comes in .	and after four years , i woke up and said ,	0
that 's not growing out of her uterus , is it ?	that does n't make her out of the womb , is she ?	1
somewhere ...	somewhere .	1
well , dizzy , follow me ?	so , dizzy , do you understand me ?	1
blood all over the floor .	i know i 'm more than you .	0
what could larry possibly give you that i do n't ?	what can larry give you and i ca n't ?	1
over there . bound hand and foot in ch ...	gemma was seen at the beginning and then the puffin .	0
when i saw that , i thought , `` that 's got luca 's name on it . ''	thank you .	0
yo ! is that it ?	miles went to avakli 's lab again , and then as big water fell into impsec 's clinic to give illyan his invitation .	0
hey , jane ...	let 's go , let 's go .	0
what the fuck ?	breast-feeding	0
i do n't know , just 'cause i did n't have access to your big dick or something ?	just before aimee goes onstage , the only eloise comes out of the backside .	0
did he lose ?	what about beer ?	0
the mpe laid down in paragraph 7 shall also be respected in the presence of an electromagnetic disturbance .	the mpe provided for in point 7 must also apply in the case of the presence of electromagnetic interference .	1
grabbing another cubano ...	you grabbed another cubano ...	1
you 're sweet , but i 'm not dressed .	'tonight , before you go to sleep , if you will .	0
this beta version has expired .	will he hurt us ?	0
thing is , martin , my husband and i have already purchased the land .	me and my husband martin bought this place .	1
he 's good at that .	let her pass !	0
she wants you to go on tv .	take off your pants .	0
this is the only way we have of finding kharami .	i 'm just glad to see you .	0
sol nodded , rocking the crying child .	sol nodded , swinging the little girl into tears .	1
i 've taken excellent care .	i take good care of her .	1
i 'm all sticky and shit , but in a good way .	i noticed that the tabloid we came through was the name of the boulevard hundred martyrs for democracy .	0
i 'm just following the majority vote !	unocha and the european commission take the view that co-ordinated assistance will best help disaster victims .	0
could have a subdural hematoma , intracranial bleeding .	a man can have an intracranial hemorrhage .	1
`` hide out and run for it tonight , '' reacher whispered .	'hide and escape tonight , 'reacher whispered .	1
in the summer of 1822 this was overcome and the wedding took place in muhlheim .	oh , do n't say anything .	0
3 hours of war stories !	now , an endurance test : three hours of war story !	1
michael , you know how to ... change a wheel , right ?	his part must be a political process that makes further integration efforts legitimate and responsible .	0
until you find a better job , you can be home and help out around the house .	direct charging go cards from komerční banka atm machines	0
steph ? well , many patients develop a routine to help them maintain the illusion of control .	many patients create rituals that help them maintain the illusion that things are under control .	1
no , you 're not . then i 'm certainly giving a good imitation of one .	then do n't do it .	0
let me talk with kuvira .	i 'll talk to kuvira .	1
`` is alicia florrick in league with a drug dealer ? ''	before we let you go .	0
'cause every second is costing me money .	what action ?	0
moreover , russia is trying to build a relationship of “ asymmetric interdependence ” with the eu .	i heard you screaming .	0
anyone taking triumeq could develop a hypersensitivity reaction , which could be life threatening if they continue to take triumeq .	louis took the watermelon off the ground , smashed it on his knee - why not ? - and followed it .	0
you ordered them to interfere with an operation being run by my officers !	you have instructed the special branch to disrupt the operation carried out by my agents !	1
you know , in dr. bailey 's defense ...	the referring court asks the first question as to whether the decision to make an assessment of the environmental impact assessment must be justified .	0
so what are his options ? well , he could walk away .	so what 's his options ?	1
because we 're about to be surrounded by a bunch of ori ships .	damn british , always correct .	0
i ca n't read music , so i got to learn by ear .	please welcome marley rose from mckinley .	0
what made you break the tv this morning ?	did you come to save your fan ?	0
she was drawing . shut up .	shut up .	1
naoml : jesus christ , jordan . the fbl !	but then he turns around and he 's the sweetest kid in the world .	0
in that event , the surrender shall take place within 10 days of the new date thus agreed .	i think we have someone in 2218 .	0
well , she just has a way of getting under my skin .	somehow i can just get under my skin .	1
because that 's what you 're always thinking .	who do we have ?	0
we 've been pulling everything we could regarding gail mcleod 's mandate .	the only thing knocking is our window of opportunity , hank .	0
watch out ! what you done !	look what you 've done !	1
like , did you ever see paulina in her first sports iilustrated layout ?	all work and no fun or anything .	0
`` the medpak can not quite diagnose it .	`` the chemist ca n't identify him properly .	1
without those you 'll get no dough .	you ca n't have any money without it .	1
he 'll show no mercy ...	i 'll show you no mercy .	1
this was intended to simplify the mff programmes to the benefit of the recipients of eu funding .	a course for the stars ahead .	0
summer and winter were as one : motionless and dry , but the former revealed exhaustion while the latter evinced an icy , fragile peace .	red-green !	0
and we really thought you guys would n't be nominated .	let him see it .	0
your eye , it just , it 's --	your eyes ... are ...	1
what , um ... what were you guys talking about ?	what are you talking about ?	1
let 's go , pilar .	what to do from time out	0
normal people are not being hounded by `` a '' .	'imagine my surprise when someone came rushing up like an odd one to greet me ! '	0
i did n't expect that eating may be so pleasant .	you should be with him .	0
you got dinosaur arms ?	forgive me !	0
great job , everybody .	t-ray .	0
i 've looked and i ca n't find any records of meghan either applying to or paying tuition to any graduate school .	`` hey , '' karrde said , slapping one animal lightly .	0
slugs were 7.62 caliber .	there was massive trauma under the victim 's chin , that would be enough to break the vase , the same is on the back of the skull .	0
we foundthe entrance to the catacombs .	we found an entrance to the catacombs .	1
acceptance of deposits and other repayable funds from the public .	he does too , okay ?	0
and you get a lot more people to hear your side of the story . right ?	`` there 's just too many people in the world .	0
if you think about those two factors you can think about where the signal should appear for these bonds , for these bonds stretching .	if you consider both factors , you might think about where there might be a signal for these ties and their vibrations .	1
[ 5 ] non-differentiated appropriations .	i love you .	0
you mean she does n't know ?	you think he does n't know anything ?	1
the wind blew in a wild gust , streaming my hair back from my face .	the wind dropped violently against us and blew my hair out of my face .	1
you 're an android .	because you 're an android , you do n't mind .	1
you are wrong .	no , you 're wrong .	1
truth does n't seem to be your strong suit , red .	i guess the truth wo n't be your strong point , red .	1
but have i taught you anything of value this year ?	you know all this , but what of valuable have you learned this year ?	1
a few weeks have passed since i 'm here .	give it to harry . tell him we 'll meet .	0
why demolishing ?	sir , why do you destroy ?	1
he took care of that himself .	i 'm going back to my parents .	0
it just makes me sad .	and as far as the reward goes , she 's made five thousand dollars .	0
let 's give it a shot . come on .	let 's try it .	1
and i am sure , that is not the only crime he has committed .	yes , that 's a clear answer .	0
oh , surely no man of such sensitivity would hatch such a heinous plan .	no such sensitive man would have invented such an atrocious plan .	1
are you getting streaks ? sit down here .	sit here .	1
if i leave him now . i will regret it forever .	look how sweetly he looks !	0
did n't mean to startle you . my name 's ty walker .	you 're leaving today ?	0
i know where the drug is .	can we make a deal ?	0
so i 'm on my own ?	am i alone ?	1
`` the one in your bedroom 's not working either , '' nikki said .	`` the bedroom phone is n't working either , '' nikki said .	1
you want every little bit of me !	you want every inch of me !	1
oh , no , no.it 's just like regular sex , but without all the last-minute fumbling for a condom .	it was kind of like a foundling shelter , kind of like a kind of house for kids .	0
i 've never laid eyes on you , mactavish .	my real one would love it .	0
we should ...	i guess we should ...	1
we 're gon na go get you some help .	we 'll get you help .	1
i suggest you send them somewhere .	then you should send them somewhere else .	1
and cause havoc in the village .	and cause a disaster in the city .	1
i 'm gon na put it back in the bag , okay ?	you know what 's going on !	0
a horse tranquilizer ?	a horse 's anesthetic ?	1
i want us to be home !	he 's not going to win !	0
that 's the only way we 're ever getting off this godforsaken rock .	it 's not very good , this is for joey 's big night , so he invited him here .	0
'i would have been too young to understand . '	`` i 'd be too young to understand . ''	1
so he 's going to stay over there ?	what we do when we reach the ravaged border area around the vosk river , i did n't know .	0
what 's your cut ... 33 1/3 cents ?	what 's your cut , 33 and 1 / 3 cents ?	1
it seems you convinced him i 'd finish him off the moment he told what he knew .	he works there with people from counter-terrorism .	0
it was right here ... at the great northern dining room .	it was right here ... in the dining hall of great northerno .	1
right , rocket ? ~ aye .	wall street destroyed the middle class .	0
“ i think tat and trey are as close to monogamy as i ’ ve ever been .	`` i think tat and trey are the closest to monogamy i 've ever had .	1
`` she 'd think of his stiff pole pounding into her gaping pussy . ''	she was thinking of his twisted stick beating into her pussy .	1
that looks like motor oil right next to it .	what are these animals doing out there , and what do they live out of ?	0
what about the guys that show you the bald stuff ?	oh , yeah .	0
melinda , i 've written books upon books on subjects about a thousandth as cool as what 's going on in my skull right now .	melinda , i 've written books about books dealing with cases that are about 1000x less interesting than what is currently happening in my head .	1
baby , stop !	all right , let 's move fast forward to the accident , please .	0
for its part , the court of justice has had a number of opportunities to prevent discrimination against same-sex couples .	the court of justice also had several occasions to prevent the disadvantages suffered by same-sex partners .	1
he works on the third floor .	i missed you .	0
we been breaking through doors all our lives .	tell him , ruth .	0
davis : all we need now is tutankhamun .	and an hour and a half ago , i realized i was wearing this in my vision .	0
okay , now that 's seven mushroom , three onion ... ... two regular cheese but one with no pickles .	okay , so we have 7 mushrooms , three bulbs ... .. 2 cheese without the ingredients .	1
let 's wait !	wait , wait ...	1
you can get light polarized in any direction , all at once , all overlapping .	and you put the ball back .	0
why not run a lube rack for all the surgeons know about ... homo sapien sapiens ?	why not build a machine about everything that is still known ... about the homo sapiens sapiens ?	1
only if it means getting revenge for jen 's death .	only if i can take revenge for the death of gen .	1
as did the threat .	the same as danger .	1
he 's only one man .	he 's alone .	1
yöu have to go with him .	you have to go with him .	1
you 're getting off on this too fucking much .	college for law students ?	0
almost 3.6 billion euro will be used to help modernise public administrations and services and allow them to develop and implement effective policies .	no one looks better than tommy mclaren .	0
whiskeyjack 's flat grey eyes studied the captain for a moment , then slid away .	whiskeyjack fixed his gaze on the captain , then looked away .	1
think about this , smart guy .	`` here . ''	0
there is someone with him in the cellar .	someone 's in the basement .	1
do not worry about it .	no , it 's just a scratch .	0
everywhere we turn , his power confronts us .	everywhere we go , we run into his power .	1
i know you 're trying , and all that stuff , but where have you been , dude ?	if you do n't shut up , i 'll run your facade .	0
he 's in his room . do it .	he 's inside .	1
where 's that wretched mabel ?	where 's the poor mabel ?	1
that was how i wanted to paint . it looked unfinished ... slight ... apparently effortless ... outside time , space and place .	after the inflation adjustment , the value of us stock has roughly tripled during the 1990s .	0
every night after work yelina goes across the street , to the beach .	now you 're my husband .	0
well , there is a chance that we returned the laptop to the wrong person .	although i formed an opinion in five minutes .	0
i do n't need to think about an offer .	issued in norway from 1.1.1998 description : the plastic card according to annex ia to directive 91 / 439 / eec .	0
`` sure we are . ''	`` of course . ''	1
kettle corn . the heroin of the farmers ' market .	roasted corn , heroin farm markets .	1
so if we cut off the electricity to the building , can you do it ?	hey , average guy gets an extra pound of muscle in a month , that 's a fact !	0
st. johann im pongau district	this could become one of the greatest discoveries ever .	0
appreciate it , thank you .	thank you very much .	1
a bit of a hill .	diplomacy , i guess .	0
there 's this girl .	it 's one girl .	1
for dry grind other on a base of paper or paperboard only :	the country is called falc and its masters have become , though only for the very few generations , the protestant heroes .	0
if you need help…	there 's a lot of moves now , and i can just sell it up there .	0
no family either .	anthony brevourt raised his eyebrows and stared at vittoria .	0
do you think if you had n't been banned , anybody would give a toss who cliff starkey was ?	i thought i 'd spill it .	0
first thing tomorrow .	tomorrow .	1
but what is clear , is that they form a part of you .	all right , thanks .	0
poles and gypsies .	poles and gipsies .	1
sturm called , `` is there anything we can do ? ''	sturm called out , `` how can we help you ? ''	1
i was never cut out to be a father .	so i 've never been able to be a good father .	1
some women do n't kiss and tell .	he 's my daughter 's fiancé .	0
what ? - or should it be ... ? the queen betrayed you with launcelot ?	or did the queen betray you with lancelot ?	1
look , there 's no easy way to say this , lina .	look , it 's not easy for me , lina .	1
brad wesley , he 's not afraid of anything , right ?	brad wesley is afraid of nothing .	1
( rustling ) lafayette : tara , we just want to help !	just a few more feet away from this vault .	0
'should i drive down to the bridge ? ' melanie asked .	the following information is based on studies performed with alogliptin or metformin alone .	0
because about 20 years ago , he invented a system of cones on a gear wheel .	for about twenty years ago , he invented the wheel-drive system .	1
'it 's only one day a year , but it 's like . . . solidarity . '	do n't tell me you did n't even want to come by. ``	0
he 'd worked three cases with her , all involving russian spies .	o'day worked with her on three occasions ; all concerned about russian spies .	1
satan 's humor was infectious .	a new pissarro appeared in the black market .	0
the first one is hard .	in case the carriers plan to supply tenders for the authorised combination of contracts , they must continue to attach the budget for each flight route separately .	0
do we look like she 's african-american ?	do we look like blacks ?	1
i never puzzled about how i came to do what i do .	i never lost uncertainty about how i could do what i 'm doing .	1
but , hey , let me take you out for a drink sometime .	let me buy you a drink sometime .	1
i 'm thinking of reworking it into a novel .	i 'm thinking of doing a novel .	1
roddy 's glare fell over tephanis like the shadow of a thundercloud .	roddy 's frown fell on tefanise as the shadow of the storm cloud .	1
449 ... interrogatories in the german and english text ... concerning the farmer 's helper , meyer eichinger .	next , document number 449 , ... ... interrogations in german and english ... ... speaks of a farmer 's assistant , meyer eichingers .	1
my back ! i 'm good , i 'm good !	oh , my back !	1
he was bonny and brave , and bright and witty .	come on , fuck it .	0
but the fate of the world still rests in our hands .	do n't try anything stupid .	0
tyson , do you have to make so much noise ?	then give it back .	0
i told you not to go back . whatever you do , do n't stop when you enter this room .	whatever you do , do n't stop once you set foot in this room .	1
change documentation ( data type ‘ documentation of change ’ )	i 've been in prison .	0
they have pre-loaded a bunch of combinations . - they should be listed here .	why did n't the priest-kings , with their ships , feared weapons , and fantastical inventions ?	0
32 – see application in case c-26/00 , paragraph 52 .	32 - see case c-26 / 00 , paragraph 52 .	1
no , no-one pulled out .	i 'm going to take them all .	0
they know if they take out a corpsman ... ... another dozen marines will dieunattended .	but according to our cameras , it 's a block .	0
have you ever had a conversation with kelly where she did n't go on for 15 minutes without taking a breath ?	it is not yet clear if the incidence of these cases is related to the use of oral contraceptives .	0
i 'm sorry i could n't be of any help	nanny , come back for the card .	0
the commission should accordingly have given greater consideration to the possibility that the applicants ’ products might be excluded from the list drawn up by the us authorities .	article 11 failure to fulfil obligations 1 .	0
she will escape .	she 'd run away .	1
jack 's cell goes to voicemail .	novick is unavailable , and there 's a voicemail on jack 's phone .	1
stabler : which bought you six months in rikers .	hello , artie .	0
this i know .	this is what i know .	1
so i heard you caught the guy who did it . - yeah , her boyfriend . - how ?	yeah , her boyfriend .	1
duncan had read only a few paragraphs before he was able to imagine the rest .	an assignment ?	0
where does this jane pica live ?	where does jane pick live ?	1
i mean , some of the date stamps on these edits are within the last month .	doctors and paramedics , come in .	0
they left her in the car while they go off into the dunes , smoke a doobie with some guys .	tigers ...	0
we could drive by to take you in the morning ?	plants are capable of multiplying their seeds by using wind or using insects to fertilise .	0
now , what kind of wife would i be ... if i did n't pick up after my husband ?	what kind of wife would i be if i did n't settle for a little man ?	1
you 're asking this as though the value of that animal ...	what is it ?	0
miss navabi .	but you ca n't confuse her with the evidence .	0
`` what matter about yourself , zarathustra !	my sweet passion .	0
i 'm the guy you call when you got one you ca n't win .	get out of my way !	0
she and my son are in london .	is it going to happen to me too ?	0
the fact that her heart rate went back to normal when we stopped the meds pretty much confirms ...	the fact that the heart rate came back to normal i stopped the medication .	1
i might .	i can do that .	1
well , really , i pushed her .	actually , i pushed her a little .	1
his eyes lolled upward , and blood exploded over his hollow cheeks .	the battle-master rolled his eyes , blood splattered on his cheeks .	1
this fence is about the first thing that i 've ever done that might produce an actual result ,	this fence is the first thing i 've ever done .	1
this sim can not store contacts .	you can not save contacts on this sim card .	1
now he dumped spare clothing from his bag and started replacing it with cans .	now he emptied his spare clothes from the cable and started stuffing the cans in his place .	1
with your feet ?	a foot ?	1
what were you saying ?	he 's a monster killing people without a shred of emotion .	0
well , i 'll call you in the morning and see how you 're doing .	you 've been here too long , man .	0
was it when i threw water over you ?	zahl was his contact on the street .	0
what am i supposed to say ?	within minutes , james realised how well he felt in the company of this young woman from kesh .	0
i 'm sure you and ostrich stark have a lot to talk about .	you should be sure to talk to ostrich stark .	1
i was speaking to , um ... brawny and marie , and they told me that he 'd been bit by a giant beetle .	i talked to ... bear and butter , and they told me he was bitten by a huge bug .	1
i can not waste time with these classes and ... ... these books .	i should n't waste any time on these books .	1
'perhaps he will still be in mashrapur . '	i can tell you something about your life .	0
i will get there anyway .	i 'll get there .	1
top 10 promotions by retailers	it 's night .	0
listen to you . you 're just making my point .	listen , you 're talking just like i need you .	1
from there , abin sur made his way to earth .	from here , abin sur headed toward earth .	1
they stared at him in consternation .	they stared at him in horror .	1
hell of a way to get my attention , rick .	hell of a way to take me , rick .	1
so this is great drama .	there was my eldest brother dan with ali ... with alice jardin .	0
i will never manage to understand it .	babylon is not a distant place in the desert .	0
rachel immediately forgot her question and leaned into the aisle so she could look toward the front .	i think i found a radioisotope that could be selectively attached to some kind of dna chain .	0
information received in this context shall be subject to the provisions on professional secrecy laid down in this section..	the information received in this context shall be subject to the obligation of professional secrecy laid down in this section .	1
louie -- come on , what are you -- come on ... sit down -- have a seat .	sit down . sit down .	1
just do what brother qing asks you to .	`` but he will not marry anyone else , '' she said with conviction , `` unwed while i 'm still alive .	0
fenton : buddy deeds , he had a way .	he 's got traces of grass on his pants .	0
do you remember that previously , i shared a story of the infant ghost .	you remember , i told the story of the ghost last time .	1
different kind of not guilty .	different way of verdict `` not guilty . ''	1
x brake actuators ( including spring brakes or hydraulic cylinders )	or advice for vegetable varieties and seeds ?	0
yeah , he ai n't gon na stay too long .	when the situation changes , we 'll keep you posted .	0
there were two detectives in the room , both of them wearing tweed sport coats , both of them sitting with their backs to us .	( i.e . > 2 000 min .	0
'i like to finish what i start , my friend , ' replied conn , with a smile .	i appointed him vice-chancellor ?	0
i 'd do anything to get you humans out of my forest .	why do n't you call her ?	0
the feeling stopped as quickly as it had begun , and the water around her seemed to grow strangely dense .	i 'm sure he 'll come right away .	0
so we planted the seed with weston .	so , at weston , we planted a seed of doubt .	1
it 's not political .	no , nothing political .	1
-uzman , they say and nod , as if his name itself is an affirmative .	- uzman , they answer and nods , as if its name itself means consent .	1
sorry , but diamonds are a drag on the market .	i 'm sorry , but the diamonds are wrong .	1
these are tsi'mri . ”	if security comes back , keep it all on your mom .	0
i would have spared you to her , if need be .	absolutely .	0
then the knowledge will be erased from his memory forever .	then the knowledge disappears from his mind forever .	1
do you honestly believe that i 'm capable of killing another person ?	all we need is tutankhamen .	0
this very spot ?	in this place ?	1
tequila is the thing that makes me smile .	cameradie with the cops ?	0
eat something .	sam , stop frowning and eat something .	1
the entire back half of the guatemala file has been blacked out .	the entire second half of guatemala 's forces are blacked out .	1
what are you , cracked ? why do n't you just do it on center ice at a fucking bruins game ?	oh , look , he 's a nice cd player .	0
nothing you can do but you can learn how to be you in time	you 'll find my muse , lance .	0
not only that , but we got a green card and a job in miami .	blood all over the country .	0
congratulations again on your engagement , if that 's still , uh ...	congratulations on the engagement again .	1
but it has been a long , weary time !	but it was a long , difficult time !	1
agrippa , i 've got letters i 'm going to want you to take on ahead to rome .	we have torpedoes and anti-aircraft guns , sir .	0
he leaves at dawn to catch a boat .	he 's got my tax records .	0
taxi - transfer rates 01.11.08-31.10.09	taxi - description for transfer in the obligation 1.11.2008 - 31.10.2009	1
what you going to do to him ?	you got it ?	0
even middle management .	even in mid-level management .	1
i 'm sure on some level he loves you , too .	i 'm sure he likes you in a sense .	1
the analysis of proportionality requires account to be taken in particular of the severity of the penalty envisaged .	the analysis of proportionality requires , in particular , the rigour of the intended sanction .	1
could be mutations .	mutations ?	1
guess how much ?	you know how much ?	1
you got ta be out of here by morning .	my body	0
um , i was just going out .	he expected the five men to run into the hotel , interrogate the clerk , take positions and take appropriate steps .	0
is he still fighting ?	in addition , it is always possible to review the administrative courts , even if an interim procedure has not been carried out .	0
`` he does n't seem to know where he is .	he went somewhere else .	0
it 's like this star just appeared out of nowhere .	no ...	0
would n't you like ... just once ... to choose for yourself ?	tyson , do you have to do this racket ?	0
me and my lad have s'pent half the morning tracking her down !	when will you announce it to the public ?	0
well , a ... a big party is ... is not the thing that 's gon na make this a real marriage .	a big party wo n't make it a real marriage .	1
yes . - what caliber is your gun ?	the gun ... yes .	1
one meter fifty at the most in her stocking feet , with a long horse ’ s face which more or less covered half her body .	i 'm a finalist of elsa hax 's scholarship to pay for colombia .	0
before i did , i hesitated .	before i rescued him , i hesitated .	1
you really thought it was perfect ?	was it perfect ?	1
`` do you mean that you could have saved john cavendish from being brought to trial ? ''	`` you mean you could have prevented john cavendish from sentencing ? ''	1
all hands , turn to .	see , that 's why koreans are considered unrivalled -	0
life was bearable .	life was tolerable	1
look , the second edition already .	hey , second edition !	1
it seemed like no matter what we did , it always came back .	whatever we did , it always came back .	1
and what are they supposed to do ?	( b ) a manually managed escape from approach in an automatic mode ;	0
approximately 150 representatives are expected to participate .	what a first date , huh ?	0
`` we were able to repair the heart function , '' he said .	`` we managed to restore normal heart operations , '' he said .	1
the police will be alerted for trouble , but not the real trouble .	he was sent to the tory monastery , south of drenan when he was about thirteen .	0
good . so how do we spot him ?	so how do we find him ?	1
grayson etiquette baffles me .	and now i 'm going to read you about the demon among the saints .	0
sometimes , his children , robed in white ... ... stood with him in the chariot , or rode the trace horses .	on the basis of the above , i propose that the court should answer the question referred for a preliminary ruling :	0
we must conduct the lottery and it 's a random selection .	we have to draw lots and it 's a random selection .	1
there 's someone at the door .	there 's someone in there .	1
brandon : um , i was wonderin ' if you wan na come home to lincoln with me .	i 'd like to know ... if you want to come home to lincoln with me .	1
it ’ il sound strange , but ...	he may need some help .	0
'ah , yes .	`` oh , yes .	1
i honestly d ... i do n't understand this .	`` i did n't think about it , '' tracy said .	0
she misses léna , too	she misses her too .	1
you know why .	we 'll give him an opportunity to sing .	0
we 're hosts for them to breed in .	you 're the girl with ...	0
my leg hurts .	i ca n't . my foot hurts .	1
the corpse 's face had been partly destroyed , the remaining features gory .	the corpse 's face was partially eaten , partially bloody .	1
no , i did n't .	no .	1
it 's ... it 's something else .	oh , really ?	0
have n't heard anything like this from anyone else .	you sure you want that ?	0
you 're not supposed to do that .	you should n't be doing this .	1
but if they had n't done a certain act a few years ago i would n't be here either .	the expression of fear appeared on the face of the young italian .	0
i appreciate your feelings on this .	i understand your feelings .	1
after another personal call on avakli in his lab , miles trooped over to the impsec clinic to pitch the invitation to illyan .	this is our neighbour , jim .	0
have some respect for yourself .	this document will be subject to consultation with interested parties .	0
got a problem with that , duke ? me , sarge ?	you got a problem with that , duke ?	1
i was going to take my commission and buy ferris a car .	from the commission , i wanted to buy ferris 's car .	1
i felt so sure that i was right , but i ...	they think i 'm listening to my mother .	0
bezark also jogs a mile one evening each week and takes a longer run on weekends .	in the case of a pagan `` miode of drahimski , '' this is honey-derived from buckwheat ( fagopyrum ) .	0
yeah , but the question is who ?	yeah , but the question is who will it be .	1
oh , jeez . oh , yuck !	except for one short glance , he did not look at the door-he scanned the area and searched the area .	0
i 'm tired of being lied to .	next time i 'm on death 's doorstep , i 'm sorry .	0
let them see you wearing it .	he glared at me , then back on the road .	0
my girlfriend and i listened to it .	i listened to her friend .	1
why not marry him off to one of your daughters ?	it could be you .	0
i 'm talking about you actually going to space some day .	i 'm talking about you going to space once .	1
interrogate 's a harsh word .	sankt johann im pongau	0
i just whipped something together with what you guys had in the fridge .	when i was playing for wisconsin , the cheerleaders kicked me out like a whale ...	0
we took away the one thingit truly needed ... its mother .	we took the one thing he needed ... his mother .	1
you 'll be writing people 's destinies ...	you will write human destinies ...	1
he could walk through a room and he could tell you ... ... how many power outletsthere were .	he could walk through the room and tell you how many drawers there are .	1
oh , then it 's his fault - so	the point of college is to broaden your perspective , not pack an english teacher from high school and take it with you .	0
its mouth opened with a little crest of foam , and shut again in exactly the same way that water closes over a stone . ''	his mouth opened in a small bowl of foam , and closed in the same way as the water closed over the thrown rock .	1
i love you , lucius .	i love you lucie !	1
next it referred to the fact that copies of official reports of offences and seizures and of relevant judgments had been sent to the commission .	he ate half my stock .	0
keep your keikis close !	keep your keikis at your own !	1
but his stayed , plodded its turn-toed way beside him as he walked toward that place , that alien shape on kutath 's dead seashore .	i missed a deadline when i could tell her .	0
were we not at the same appointment just now ?	put it down .	0
we need to blow up the jumper .	we need to destroy that jumper .	1
one is me , and the other is the man that did .	you do n't want me to tell you everything i learned from you , do n't you ?	0
i 'd like to finish out the month .	borken turned and nudged reacher 's sig-saer toward him .	0
somebody 's looking out for us , hoping we 'd get the code .	someone 's looking for us .	1
well , she does n't want to get her heart broken , either .	i ca n't believe how many people have arrived !	0
alright , alright , alright .	all right , all right .	1
well , i suppose i did ask for that .	just to see the sun one more time .	0
stop screwing with me .	i 'm working on it .	0
do they want something else ? - yeah .	i 'm not gon na ...	0
owner : do n't shoot us .	the doctor prescribed some vitamins .	0
well , it is rather slow here for a girl her age .	whatever it was , it 's haunted .	0
it is a pleasure , miss . -no , no , english conversation .	wait , diarrhoea washed up vitamin e and weakens the appetite for sex .	0
come , doctor , get dressed .	get up , doctor .	1
well , i 'll drink to that , brother .	let 's have a drink , bro .	1
i think ... ... we should discuss what should be done with him .	i think we should discuss what we 're going to do with him .	1
there 's only room for one but i could skooch over .	there 's only room for one .	1
ask schneider , he was with me .	ask schneider . he was there .	1
i 'm just pointing out that it 's july and you have n't started yet . ''	after all , if raych was able to send a message , he must be safe. ``	0
above your body , people are still alive .	people still live above you .	1
i was his preceptor at law school .	keldysh , mir-2 is rising to the surface .	0
you let that poor boy die in order to get bait , you monster !	but the vice-envoy freed him , sir .	0
i do n't know , they say it turned up thousands of years ago .	oh ... i do n't know , he says he was born thousands of years ago .	1
yes , there 's a control panel on the wall there .	i know exactly where we are .	0
`` dr. alexi , '' called marissa , gingerly touching the man 's arm .	`` doctor alex , '' marissa said , touching the patient 's hand .	1
you say that as if he belongs to you .	did you invite stephanie to come ?	0
you can also inflate by blowing into the tube .	what condition is he in ?	0
the missile hit collapsed a replicator array in the molecular mechanics lab .	after the impact of the missile , there was a breakdown in the lab of the molecular mechanics .	1
in peru , the paracas through drawing , tracks from nazca ,	in peru , it crosses a paraquan shape , the line in nazca , ollantaytambo ,	1
ten points off for you !	i do n't know what happened .	0
the commission shall commence the investigation , acting in cooperation with the member states .	if he decides , i 'll listen .	0
yeah , well , your mom should 've been more sensitive to that .	creating link to	0
'you must n't think that , '' roland said .	`` then you must not think , '' roland said .	1
took another swig of juice .	'madam wants a pile of raw leafy greens .	0
look what i got at the breast pump store .	prepare their food .	0
you know , i 've been thinking about popping the question again for a while .	you know , i 've been thinking about calling this question for a while .	1
member states	you bought us a metallica ticket for our honeymoon .	0
well , in that case , i 'm penelope .	if we let maya 's blood flow through your bloodstream ...	0
git-tar blues .	invite him to a duel .	0
when you hear its name ... ... do your hearts swell with pride ?	you handled the car chase .	0
thanks to radio interviews , sweeper became better known by the public .	thanks to conversations on the radio waves , sweeper reached out to the public .	1
that 's not so good .	it 's not good .	1
no , i 'm not going to do anything , except accept the verdict of the jury .	when he announced his plans to the troops , he was greeted with deafening cheers .	0
look out , albert , because hollywood is on your case .	i 'm sorry i thought of myself .	0
some other time .	maybe another time .	1
she 's starting to roll .	we have to speak loudly and clearly to those who are still hesitant to support her .	0
( 6 ) as a result of those negotiations , a new agreement was initialled on 24 october 2013 .	on 24 october 2013 , the new agreement was initialled on 24 october 2013 .	1
you 're gon na be okay , baby .	we 'll be home the whole weekend .	0
listen , cheeky one , i 'm looking for a job for someone .	listen , i 'm going to be a little horrendous , i 'm looking for a job for someone .	1
eight o'clock will be perfect .	he 's a marketing chief of marketing !	0
you have a million questions , i bet .	you have about a million questions , huh ?	1
yep , that 's melanie .	jop , it 's melanie .	1
in lieu of flowers , please beat yourselves in the face with rusty chains .	i 'm going to atlantic city with richard .	0
your pics .	your pictures .	1
i reviewed your open cases -- sisyphean drudge work .	i checked your pending cases - sisyphean 's slumping job .	1
yes ? - mmm .	yes ?	1
but i 'm just ... i 'm at the point where ... ... i feel safer and more comf ortable with my own people .	its aim is to separate the two main tasks of olaf , in order to carry out independent investigations and to carry out political functions .	0
i had a delightful evening .	well , that was a very nice night , leonard .	1
you followed the trail .	you followed the lead .	1
i made some chili !	i 'll take over now , okay ?	0
the commission shall adopt implementing measures further specifying the circumstances in which an aif shall be deemed to employ high levels of leverage on a systematic basis .	the commission shall adopt implementing measures specifying in more detail the circumstances in which it is considered that the aif is highly and systematically benefiting from the leverage .	1
i 've done some bad things .	i 'm not kidding . i 've done some bad things .	1
what the hell are you doin ' ? - got you an address , man	what the hell are you doing ? i got your address , man .	1
bezobratři ( elderbrothers ) are a nature inspired band , which plays folk songs from slovakia on homecrafted instruments made from elderberry tree .	you 're supposed to wear a hat-trick and a restaurant ?	0
refractory mastics , castables and magnetite bricks for night–storage heaters are produced here as well .	i 'm planning on it .	0
this isn'tjust about sam , is it ?	the door was locked from the outside with three big metal caps .	0
and three years later , they 're still fitting him up .	and three years later they did it again .	1
that needs to change if major vulnerabilities are to be addressed successfully .	yes , great .	0
so how about you two back out the door and wait your turn ?	so why do n't you two get out of here and wait for your turn ?	1
hey , you want to grab some lunch later ?	hey , you want to go get some food ?	1
there was no world but this , no past or future .	there was no other reality than this , no past and no future .	1
but joy-trembles are easy ;	but the vibration is easy .	1
came of age in post-war boom ... typified by 1951 charles jourdan stiletto heel .	good .	0
no , put the elbow like that .	once gensler falls asleep , we should have him in that restaurant and swap cases .	0
you may commence your run .	you may begin .	1
and you think he 's full of shit .	and if they 're not our boys ?	0
`` dr. warrick , are you telling me your communications are limited there ? ''	you two need to get out of here right now !	0
lana never would have done anything like this before she 'd been with you .	lana would never do anything like that until she met you .	1
you do n't give up , do you ?	josemaria , you wo n't give up , will you ?	1
it 's an address .	| | expenditure - financed from the eu budget ( refunds / interventions ) - national authorities - other	0
an imported mathtype formula contains the following string	good evening , good to see you , my husband .	0
here 's what we 're gon na tell my son .	now what we have to say to my son .	1
not for favor .	adds a selection to a scenario or a timeline .	0
`` from gardens you bring flowers to adorn our lanes ''	of course , it 's even worse when he 's away with you , and i do n't see her. ``	0
after adjusting for inflation , america ’ s stock exchanges roughly tripled in value in the 1990 ’ s .	can you give us a minute ?	0
you knew it , did n't you ?	i 'll be late .	0
the eusr shall be responsible for the implementation of the mandate acting under the authority and operational direction of the secretary-general/high representative .	the eusr shall be responsible for the implementation of the mandate under the mandate and under the operational direction of the secretary-general , the hr .	1
she sounded almost grim .	he kept shooting jobs , changing schools .	0
she 'll have been shot by the same gun , the same man , some anonymous loser who went over the edge .	it would be clear that she was shooting the same gun , the same guy , some anonymous guy who was crazy .	1
we found a porsche , or rather , hammond has , that can .	3 point 4.2.5 of the guidelines in part relating to `` investment aid '' provides :	0
kind of early in the day for a conversation , is n't it ?	it 's early to talk , is n't it ?	1
he was yours the moment you laid eyes on each other .	he was yours when you looked at each other .	1
man : shit .	oh , shit .	1
and i have n't even found a trace of them !	which completely confused her , the poor .	0
we have a statement here given by poppy champion earlier today .	i 've taken so many drugs every day that manhattan , long island , and queens would be on the moon .	0
“ guvnor ’ s out , ” petal told her .	'he went out , 'petal said .	1
we taught them the alphabet !	we explained to them the alphabet .	1
auggie , i 've been made .	please understand me .	0
just do n't sing in my ear , all right ?	but you wo n't be singing in my ear , will you ?	1
the sound of gunfire echoed from some distant tunnel .	if you pull the trigger , you must be serious .	0
got a place in miami , one in bahamas .	he 's got a house in miami , next in the bahamas ,	1
the look on your face , you ca n't deny that , harvey .	you ca n't deny it , harvey .	1
as suppliers they can play an important role in helping other users in the chain of custody to comply with their obligations .	as suppliers , they can significantly help other users in a string of users in compliance with their duties .	1
and four of them are what we call togglers .	and four of them are what we call `` switchboard . ''	1
i 'm renting one . i got coffees .	i have coffee .	1
they 're so many .	i simply loved stroking her hair .	0
`` and even our subject today , compared to that , is trivial . ''	`` and our entire subject today is irrelevant compared to that . ''	1
nowhere yet .	except for the axonite copy molecule .	0
perhaps it is the lack of integrative strength in other societies which makes people feel that the only place where they really belong is among their own people .	the energy needed to launch these explosions ...	0
president , the chief is coming .	president , the boss is here to see you .	1
or maybe she 's part of it .	it states that it accounts for a percentage of turnover , rather than in absolute amounts .	0
previous maintainer new filters	where do you go ?	0
in his sixty thousand dollar car ?	in a car for $ 60,000 ?	1
i need you to go into santa 's gift bag ... ... get as many medical supplies as you can .	as a result of local initiatives , there is still more activity in cities or urban areas .	0
`` yes you are , '' she said .	`` of course you are . ''	1
josh has never been much of a talker , but i think he felt a real responsibility for bailey and the other boys in the hall .	josh never really confided in himself , but i think he felt really responsible for bailey , and the other boys in the or .	1
visibility dropping with the sun .	i saw the man á.v.h from my office window ... a car and three other people .	0
`` please— ''	`` please - ''	1
to sit on a couch , talking on the phone , about a tv show they 're watching , based on a youtube clip .	you 're ugly , man .	0
if he is her lawyer , he might have the photograph to his strong box .	if it 's her lawyer , she might have a photo in the vault .	1
now look , bill , suppose he turns up the killer .	no one 's gone out of the company this year .	0
i must deliver it to your commander , and wait for his reply , sir .	opening times	0
oh , you 're gettin ' heavy .	you 're heavy .	1
it was called chief . `` mis-chief '' my father called it .	the real puzzle is how i can handle three days without taking one of those fucking knights off the fucking table .	0
who is smoking the this hour in bed	who smokes at this time in bed ?	1
oh , no . hey , i accept not being rich-rich , but i would n't mind being a little richer than we are right now .	what do you plan to do ?	0
`` eric of amber , possibly . ''	`` erik from amber , apparently . ''	1
so , this is where j.j. thomson discovered the electron , and where rutherford split the atom .	i get it , it 's yellow ...	0
you know i 'm going to solve this first .	hide !	0
inspector , the defendant conlon presented an alibi --	inspector , ordered by conlon alibi --	1
ok , well be right there .	go to hell .	0
that 's annoying .	god , that 's annoying .	1
she works at the salon too	she works at the salon .	1
traffic through these systems has reached a critical mass and is growing strongly .	operations in these systems have crossed a critical limit and is growing strongly .	1
the homeless dude .	he looked at daru , and she nodded weakly .	0
because it turns out nadia 's been compelling him to forget things .	the human body ...	0
it 's all over the place .	it 's all around .	1
'murderers , muggers , thieves , assassins , pickpockets , cutpurses , reevers , snigsmen , rapists and robbers , ' he said .	`` murderers , thieves , thieves , bounty hunters , criminals , pickpockets , muggers , rappers , pimps , and exhibitionists , '' he replied .	1
no , i was just resting my eyes .	he 's the strongest man i 've ever seen. ``	0
it may harm them , even if their symptoms are the same as yours .	these conditions shall be monitored during measurements .	0
do you know where the meat-packing plant is ?	for example , aquaculture operators need warnings about the impending harmful growth of toxic algae , or by redressing jellyfish , for their work .	0
if i had my heart set on mr. elton , then your opening my eyes would have been a kind service .	miss kantor did n't look into stella 's eyes .	0
i need your help !	using their weakness .	0
this object could not be activated due to your high macro security setting .	`` certainly not , '' he said .	0
doest know anything about choreography , and then , like , three episodes later , he 's this fantastic choreographer ?	easy and easy , and i promise i wo n't take any credit .	0
athaclena heard benjamin mutter to himself in suppressed resentment .	athaclena heard benjamin muttering angrily .	1
so okay , what 's happening ?	ok , what 's going on here ?	1
`` any man may challenge for leadership of the clan '' !	`` every member of the clan can fight for a clan leader . ''	1
that 's unfair !	it 's not fair .	1
eat a lot and come back , 'cause our kids need braces .	eat a lot and come back to us because our kids need tuition .	1
it 's totally working .	you want to help me plant it ?	0
they do possess temporal technology .	it 's got time technology .	1
i mean , no-one 's left the company this year .	there was a shadow , i took him a little .	0
i guess some people find it interesting that i 've escaped the noose for so long .	sir , we have armed dozens of teams of two .	0
she looked in a pretty bad way .	she looked quite ill .	1
hsiao hu	hsia chu ...	1
'did n't see anyone , squire , but we were busy up to a moment ago . '	`` i did n't see anyone , squire , but we were pretty busy just a second ago . ''	1
mr. bent was squirming .	mr. bent was beginning to twist .	1
( d ) the computer shall consume power in the sleep mode according to table 1 .	( d ) the counter consumes the energy in a sleep mode according to table 1 .	1
so , how did your bridge turn out ?	the prosecutor wo n't do anything , and the interior minister does n't want to know .	0
karen is out .	`` what king ?	0
i 'm sure he 'll come running .	a lot of drugs , all the product , no evidence of precursor . outside of place must be a lab .	0
i 'm just trying to get a sense of where this relationship is going .	she 's risking everything .	0
'that was terrific but i 'm still sorry you would n't go on . '	one for each of the first five scarves of their marital life !	0
eating is still impossible , but i believe i ’ m ready for a ginger ale , a cigarette , and a magazine .	is that what dinner was ?	0
the wall opened up into a dark room .	nearly 6,000 people have died during the conflict in bosnia .	0
she 's no relation , no .	no ... she 's not our relative .	1
thank you . i just ...	it 's beautiful , thank you .	1
the next dose can not be initiated until the previous 10-minute delivery cycle is complete .	no further dose should be initiated until the previous 10 minute dosing cycle is complete .	1
you better hope not , turtle .	you better hope it does n't .	1
and these are not street kids shaking down local merchants .	are you done ?	0
yeah . did you have that call traced ?	blood !	0
what the germans call das loopenclampf .	as the germans call `` das loopenclampf . ''	1
do n't you hear me ?	do you hear ?	1
anyway , eliot should probably tell you exactly what happened , because i was locked in the trunk of a police car for part of it .	otherwise , eliot will probably tell you exactly what happened because i was locked up in a police car , that 's what this is about .	1
you ... you have n't spoken to her ?	so you did n't talk to her ?	1
`` well , it 's either iron pyrite or it's- ''	you think i 'm a narcissistic cow ?	0
( 5 ) oj l 316 , 15.12.2000 , p. 1 . ( 6 ) oj l 184 , 17.7.1999 , p .	in part i of the 3 model , the term `` official number '' is replaced by the term `` uniform european vessel identification number . ''	0
i think she 's more powerful than we think .	i think he has more power than we thought .	1
it 's outside the car ?	otherwise he would have been grumpy all day .	0
i 'm not gon na shoot anybody	i 'm not going to shoot .	1
give that to harry . tell him to meet me here .	`` now we can talk , ''	0
sorry about that , carolyn .	i 'm sorry , carolyna .	1
the dragon warrior fell out of the sky on a ball of fire !	he fell out of the sky on a fireball .	1
`` no , indeed . ''	`` no , never . ''	1
these groups can also act as `` drivers of change '' .	these groups may also act as a driving force for change .	1
sometimes cadsuane glanced at them , but the greater part of her attention stayed on moiraine .	cadsuane looked at them occasionally , but it was mostly moiraine 's attention .	1
`` i 'll call you back '' .	you know , excuse us for one second .	0
but it just kills you ?	and that 's just gon na kill you ?	1
edwards tried to wave at them , but could n't tell if they recognized the gesture or not .	edwards tried to wave at them , but he did n't know if they had seen the gesture .	1
who 's there ?	this survey has not been activated .	0
cos i know you 're not a lawyer .	you 're not a lawyer .	1
do you have any sense of how angry i am right now ?	do you even know how upset i am ?	1
your immigration lawyer called . he said it 's imperative ...	an immigration lawyer called urgently .	1
there is a toxin refined from the nectar of the rhododendron ponticum .	there is a toxin extracted from the venom of the rododddron .	1
i need to find out who these people are and what they 've done with the returned .	it 's just that everything seems wonderful in my room .	0
ms roda is to bear her own costs .	orders silvana roda to bear its own costs .	1
i knew something wasbothering you .	turns automatic change in size based on the font size for single-line text fields .	0
the other is the woman that appears in your life after you declare the dating ban .	the other one is a woman who appeared after i introduced `` prohibition dating . ''	1
hairlock hesitated , seeming confused , then sheathed the weapon and squatted .	a darwinian struggle for survival .	0
'for bata the easiest is through paris , ' esteban said .	he pointed to a section where the goblins re-probed their way through the outer gate to the barbakan , and now they were climbing to the interior passage .	0
the only thing we have to fear is fear itself .	something happened , he suddenly has more oxygen , but it will last for a minute .	0
i 'm going to have to take off .	besides , he runs a mile and a half every night , and he crosses a long route over the weekend .	0
now the other trend that some people sometimes talk about is the metallic nature of an element .	another trend that is often mentioned is the metallic nature of the element .	1
you were so excited !	when you eat the horse ?	0
see , this is why the koreans are considered unbeatable .	can we get him to take us for tampons ?	0
oh ! look at you .	oh , look at her .	1
while you do that , i 'm gon na go have a little talk with mr. garibaldi .	that 's why i 'm not inviting her !	0
ia shall be based on a risk management process .	the security of information is based on a risk management process .	1
sacred music ... and a clergyman to make murder look like piety !	holy music ... ... and priest , in order to be the murder of god 's act .	1
vepacel contains a flu strain called a/vietnam/1203/2004 ( h5n1 ) .	vepacel contains a strain of influenza called a / vietnam / 1203 / 2004 ( h5n1 ) .	1
because you 're a damn coward .	or you 're a coward .	1
waco ! there 's a woman and her youngsters in there .	you 're making a mistake .	0
you believe all this you 've been sayin ' , or is it just words ?	do you really believe what you 're saying or are they just words ?	1
the number-one criminal mastermind in the world .	i 'm terribly bored .	0
i do n't need ...	how can this all come under the deathlok project ?	0
so it 's not him ...	so it 's not him , but ...	1
doyou really thinktessa sears is telling the truth ? why not ?	what 's going on , tiger ?	0
`` make it count . ''	41 - for more details , see point 97 of my opinion in placanica and others .	0
you got us metallica tickets for our honeymoon ?	i 'm sure it 's not your only crime .	0
but i had n't .	and if diane and i are anything , we 've decided to give the kids the most important people in our lives .	0
supply times are arranged individually for each order and depend on various assortments and ordered quantities .	even so , learning in a social policy that includes more countries could use scientific methods for testing and assessing innovation .	0
what 's this rumor i hear about you and town hall ?	what did i hear about the concert at city hall ?	1
thanks . no , mum , it 'll be fine .	strathmore frowned and bit his lip .	0
check your score .	this is how it must be planned ... ... the constant supply of slaves to feed the scaraba .	0
`` once i 'm round cape horn , i can turn north .	once i reach mys horn , i can sail north .	1
what nadia 's turning into .	( 100 ) http : / / www.europarl.europa.eu / qp-web .	0
i said , collect your things !	his father will sue us .	0
he stared down at her , amazed anew at what he saw .	in strategic terms ... berme food and let 's go .	0
he wo n't even look at me in court ... and every time i try to call , his phone goes to voicemail .	the japanese flooded the pacific with its broadcast .	0
very sad .	how sad .	1
cheese uses the photo mode by defaults , but you can change this to use the video or burst mode if desired .	by default , the cheese mode uses the image mode , but it can be converted into a video mode or a series of scans .	1
do n't need to know , do n't want to know .	i do n't need to know .	1
those bastards bad at me for two days .	those bastards have been processing me for two days .	1
is your ward a boy ?	is it a boy ?	1
i pass over all that happened at school ... ... until the anniversary of my birthday came round in march .	just focus , ok ?	0
andrew , jonathan , no . go , go , go .	andrew , jonathan , no !	1
ok ... but realize , i 've known him since the third grade .	dwight schrute won all the items .	0
i like that .	i loved it .	1
melchett asked , `` people liked her ? ''	not many , six races .	0
drop the gun . -oh , no problem .	i knew i 'd be frozen .	0
so just tell us . did you fuck her this morning or not ?	did you fuck her in the morning or not ?	1
however , as far as frabo is concerned , the decision recognises that its contribution in this regard was particularly decisive .	however , in relation to frabo , it is recognised that its contribution was particularly important in this regard .	1
pollen 's out of control .	you should have seen me in the arena .	0
but we were n't in the van .	in 2133 , the world plunged into chaos and destruction .	0
buster 's apprenticeship was proving more trying than michael had anticipated .	they leave their parents ' homes for a sacred corridor of higher education .	0
my grandfather always says that is what books are for - to travel without moving an inch .	to the left are the communists .	0
i do n't know how else to explain it , but it needs to be carved .	no .	0
do n't you think that tastes better ?	could n't it taste better ?	1
it 's so long ago .	it 's been so long !	1
if she did n't do it , it would n't be done .	if she does n't do it , nobody will .	1
coincidentally it was designed specifically to transport convicts to a penal colony .	and by accident , it was designed exclusively for transporting prisoners to a penal colony .	1
an environment which favours fair competition and creates a level playing field encourages businesses to improve and promotes private initiative .	if he does n't stop lying to me , i 'll get rid of him like my pants for reductive diets .	0
yes . only daleks in section 2 and 3 received it .	yes , they only got it in two and three .	1
fausta did n't invite me to her niece 's thing .	fausto refused me to invite her niece to the party .	1
well , the good news is ... we 're out of dragon country .	her crimson hat lay on her dark robes ; her beautiful , snarling face , quietly thoughtful , looked up at him .	0
he 's looming over you , he 's poking his finger at you .	he threatened you , he fucked your finger .	1
she needed to discover information-and see how bad their situation might be , though she was afraid she did n't want to know .	no one can judge me .	0
who is after you ?	well , i do n't want to be unfair , but i was the first one to talk about football , but what about you , jim ?	0
jealousy or something worse , who knows ?	jealous or worse ?	1
corticosteroids are n't the only treatment for lupus nephritis .	what if i 'm really the glue ?	0
i mean , it 's got to kill them every time they see it empty .	it must be killed every time she sees her empty .	1
oh , what a good boy , you are .	but to keep moving , you have to sign it .	0
why do n't you just drop it , austin ?	why did you fall , austin ?	1
i 'm just familiarizing myself with , you know , the vegetables and such .	tell me everything i want to know , or i 'll get you , and nobody will stop me .	0
it wobbled a little as it crawled , like an old woman carrying too many parcels .	as he climbed there , he was a little wobbly like an old woman who was carrying too much packages .	1
she got an `` a '' on her physics midterm !	he 's got a `` a '' for the `` a '' for physics !	1
the supply pressure available may not be increased above 800 kpa .	the pressure in the water line shall not exceed 800 kpa .	1
you are sabotaging the orders of the soviet leaders !	you are sabotaging the will of the soviet leadership .	1
you must know your way around .	you have to know your surroundings .	1
you 're here too .	i know you ca n't do a dozen of those crosses , you old dick .	0
welcome to the seven and a half floor of the mertin flemmer building .	welcome to 7 and the fifth floor of mertin-flammer .	1
i was about to ask you the same question .	i wanted to ask you the same thing .	1
it is used in healthy , sexually-mature dogs and ferrets that have not been neutered .	it is used in healthy , uncastrated , mainly adult dogs and ferrets .	1
and if they 're not , well , they never approved of me .	i 'd like to hear about how you knew the nucleic acids would be capable of these required formations .	0
even though sauli 's bawling is ruining the genius ' music .	sauli 's crying is exacerbating the genius 's music .	1
truncated triggers deferred file ` % .250s '	truncated file with discarded trigger `` % .250s ''	1
banouin prepared a broth , seasoned it with spices , then produced two flat loaves which they had bought the previous day in a settlement to the west .	banouin cooked stew , roasted him , and then took out two bread shells he 'd bought the previous day in a settlement in the west .	1
the general counsel for fletcher engines knew every move i was gon na make before i even made it .	that 's perfect .	0
currently under internal consultation at the commisison .	there he is !	0
the drums beat in steady cadence and they chanted as they marched , boots thudding , iron blades and wooden hafts rapping in time .	but francois , it 's been weeks .	0
the sword of leah pierced into a burst of red fire , shattering it apart .	the sword of leah rode into an embroidered red fire , splitting it .	1
for additional information also see : http : //europa.eu.int/comm/environment/co2/co2_home.htm [ 22 ] com ( 2005 ) 683 .	i 've been notified .	0
what shall i sing to my lord from my window ?	what do i have five to my lord through my window ?	1
i love eggs , and i cook with them all the time .	would you mind , benjamin ?	0
nothing to say nothing to hear and nothing to see	nothing to see , nothing to see .	1
thry must have moved him because he was hrre .	he must have moved it because he was there .	1
`` i 'm not sure who you are , '' he intoned .	`` i still do n't know who you are , '' he said .	1
what ? you spoke to me , doctor ?	are you talking to me , doctor ?	1
do not leave unfinished business !	`` you are , sir , as i see , the same enthusiast in my field as i do in mine , '' he said .	0
i 'm getting a cramp ! ( groans )	i 'm getting a cramp !	1
with the pool and the slide .	i 'll call you twice a day , even if i 'm on the roof .	0
thank you for calling me , gentlemen .	thanks for calling me boys .	1
adrian singleton rose up wearily and followed dorian to the bar .	the terrible man you warned me about ?	0
scull with your hands to stay in place .	and when you were released a year ago , he got you a place at the local police .	0
but it worked out .	he ruined my life , wade .	0
no fuckin ' way .	no way .	1
and ... above all ... throw yourself in headlong and just do whatever it is he wants you to do .	hey , buddy .	0
why do we `` steal '' ?	why waste my time with treasured fools ? ``	0
tell me my accounts have n't suddenly and mysteriously been frozen .	tell me my accounts do n't freeze all of a sudden .	1
babe , are you not seeing what i 'm seeing ?	honey , ca n't you see what i 'm talking about ?	1
i bet she just cried .	i bet she ordered it .	1
i 'm a sex addict ... you can say it .	i 'm a sex maniac .	1
and she 's taking her shirt off and not giving a fuck really .	and she 's taking off her shirt and she 's not up to her shit .	1
he never could take losing or being pressured .	please do n't go .	0
we 're just talking .	if you go to nazca you immediately know what our planet is made up because all raw materials are concentrated in large quantities .	0
i think if we ended this now , i 'd get hurt .	kyohei is really trying , huh ?	0
in it were tiny bits of crystal .	there were small fragments of crystals in it .	1
word travels fast , huh ?	i can make you the greatest warrior in all of greece .	0
sheriff , put those away .	sheriff , put it down .	1
and the girl said , `` they will in a minute . ''	whereupon the little girl replied : `` they 'll know in a minute . ''	1
franklin , you should come with me .	i agree . you should come with me .	1
but they 're scanning the area with anti-proton beams .	i thought i 'd bring them in if they finished first .	0
both : waffles ! waffles !	i have something he craves .	0
i feel like -- -no worries .	well ... we 'll wait for identification .	0
the faint shout brought toranaga out of his meditation and he leaped to his feet .	time to play casino money !	0
i gave you enough for five donkeys .	the money was enough to buy you five donkeys .	1
he 's in the situation room .	on the second floor , the intruders entered a brightly lit corridor with cabins , where the highest ranking officers and their wives were housed .	0
okay , we done ?	the duchess of devonshire .	0
is what you 'll end up winning ?	is that what you win ?	1
which is also ... she has a wonderful vocal .	she has a beautiful voice .	1
are you trying to get us killed ?	you want them to kill us ?	1
`` i find this all very difficult to believe , '' stated the red-robed mage in a mild voice .	`` i find it hard to believe , '' the red-robed mage observed indulgently .	1
i must take count of our losses .	i have to calculate our losses .	1
hey ! my son is just discovering love !	me , lancel lannister , i 'm taking a serious oath .	0
least i can do is get my wife a cook . ”	so i can at least hire a cook for my wife. ``	1
you blew , like , a major opportunity .	you burned , like , a huge chance .	1
he cares enough to punish you when you 're bad .	he 's punishing you for being bad .	1
also , the communist agitator freddie thorne was taken from his transport by armed men .	and the communist agitator , freddie thorne , freed armed men when we transported him .	1
you said- no ? no .	he 's like he 's fat .	0
you know what i mean ?	you treat your muse as frankly as if you were talking to yourself or your friends .	0
your men can die by your hands or you can give me the name of the rat in my crew .	what happened , man ?	0
mystery inc. reunites .	mystery inc. back together .	1
jason was coming back to play .	look , bill , let 's say he finds a killer .	0
or the fibers could have been transferred from someone who was close to her , someone who killed cole .	or did the fibers come from someone close to her , someone who killed cole , killed him right there .	1
of these , one was reported as non-serious and four as serious .	great . what do i do now ?	0
because her name was forbidden by the church , mary magdalene became secretly known by many pseudonyms-the chalice , the holy grail , and the rose . ''	god , it 's police !	0
fancy quarters for a servant , eh ? ''	`` how do you know it 's her basket ? ''	0
vyotsky grabbed up his weapon , checked it was undamaged , aimed at his oncoming enemy .	vyotsky grabbed the gun , checked to see if he was damaged , and aimed at his impending enemy .	1
how am i ever supposed to get mad at him when he can hold a tesla over my head ?	i do n't know if i could be a ... guardian .	0
it 's an awkward sort of letter to write .	it 's not easy to write a letter .	1
sjóvá commits to restrict its commercial offers by quoting insurance risks in such a way that it will not quote below [ … ] .	sjóvá is committed to limiting its trade offerings , by setting rates for insurance risks so that they are not lower than [ ... ] .	1
you make the fire , i 'll make the coffee ...	make a fire and i 'll make a cup of coffee .	1
either you do it properly or you 'll be looking for another job .	either you do your job , or you 'll be looking for a new place .	1
i merely want my wife back . '	i just want my wife back. ``	1
your little brow did n't even furrow .	i see i 'm not the only workaholic here .	0
right now i 'd rather focus on what my future looks like .	plus , doctors are devils .	0
do n't talk to your customers like that !	that 's not how you talk to customers !	1
you do n't want me , sugar .	you do n't want me , puss .	1
i do n't knowwhether to be insulted or flattered .	as regards expenditure , the court of auditors checks the payment transactions when they were incurred and received .	0
they never found his body .	you can get used to that .	0
no sir , gutierrez was here before me .	just gutierrez was in front of me .	1
`` he sent 50,000 troops into swedish pomerania the moment he got the news of what you did off stralsund . ''	`` by the time he got word of what you 'd done at stralsund , he had sent fifty thousand men of his army in pommery . ''	1
the man-eatin ' papuans had me once , but they are chesterfields compared to this crowd . ''	once i was caught by the papuan ape-men , but they were the uplifting of a gentleman by comparison with this rabble. ``	1
can you scan the drive section ?	can you check the fuel section ?	1
for real , dog .	okay , so if none of them signed up as edward prendick , then wells must have been here and gone .	0
then he gave a great cry .	then he issued a powerful cry .	1
we got ta beat the giants if we wan na have any chance of getting into the division , any chance of playing in the playoffs .	we 've got to beat the giants if we want to get into the division and then into the playoffs .	1
you do them a disservice , if that 's possible .	i 'd better stay here .	0
article 45 ( 2 ) of regulation ___of the european parliament and of the council on	article 45 ( 2 ) of the regulation _ _ _ european parliament and council of jurisdiction and	1
or he forgot . or all of the above .	or all of it .	1
please , i want to stay . carol ?	please , i want to stay here .	1
15 $ , you govern philbin .	15 bucks .	1
i 'm not saying for sure it 's going to be you .	i 'm not sure it 's you .	1
yeah , mate , you 're getting this mixed up with harry potter and that thing the klingons do , cloaking .	i have to go home .	0
it would suck to lose her .	two ahead .	0
talked me into blowing it up ,	you can talk me into blowing her up .	1
i do n't think that she 's able to concentrate unless she 's doing lots of things at once , including talking .	ten grand ?	0
children , veronica is moving in with me .	business centre nový smíchov `` career ''	0
get your clothes on . i 'm takin ' you in .	and because he killed that demon of grendel and sent his mother to his grave .	0
it was an old , dumb joke of theirs .	it was one of their old jokes .	1
you get up so early to write .	you get up early tomorrow , you have to write .	1
egyptian broadcloth ?	besides , it 's beautiful .	0
how many of these have you made ?	how many did you do ?	1
i told carla your secret , we 're gon na help you .	i told carl our secret .	1
his eyes flicked to me , then back to the road .	this means that a diploma must permit an effective performance of the profession in the state that issued it .	0
like our second home on the caspian .	what do you think , 56 ?	0
( lowered voice ) thank you !	thank you !	1
i 'm not sure that anyone else can .	it was just between us .	0
i saw six other patients with the same symptoms .	we came here , there are 6 other patients with the same symptoms .	1
unibet brought an action against the swedish state in the district court ( tingsrätten ) .	this route , in the historic center of prague , came the future monarchs to the coronation at st mary 's cathedral .	0
`` i wonder what riding a mile a minute would be like , '' said florence .	she had told us before that she did not want any of us to go ; now she made sure we were n't going. ``	0
i am dr. smothers , and you are going into space just like grandfather .	i 'm dr. shapps , and you 're going into space .	1
it 's admiral greer 's idea of a low profile .	but if you could cut the cut by 10 percent , it would really be zip-a-ding for my own .	0
i should think people would rather fancy following you on twitter .	what 's the price of 14.6 litres of petrol when 1 litre costs $ 2 and 70 cents ?	0
listen . i do not know .	at the preliminary stage , the commission will assess whether the conditions for the inclusion of specific production methods , as laid down herein , are fulfilled .	0
that bag is fabulous ...	the purse is wonderful .	1
alstom and siemens are specifically well positioned on high-technology products .	especially when they predict the future .	0
`` to threaten my great-uncle is to risk much .	`` he risks much when he dares to threaten my great-uncle .	1
why woulddemons attack when the phone rings ?	why would the demons want to attack when the phone is ringing ?	1
her crimson cap hung over her dark curls , her beautiful warm face , so still in a kind of brooding , was lifted towards him .	i probably burned it when i was drunk .	0
the eu has a lot to contribute to cooperation .	the eu has much to offer in terms of cooperation .	1
`` it was an empty house , and so he knew that he would not be disturbed in the garden . ''	`` it 's an empty house , so the perpetrator knew there was no one to cancel it out in the garden . ''	1
the lower entrance price of eur 6 applies to three casinos and not to the others .	a lower entry fee of eur 6 can charge only three casinos , not others .	1
trying to reach officers burgess and roman .	you 'll remember the first part of the message , and i 'll take the other one .	0
yes . in fact , you went over her head to the board of directors , and kept key information away from ms. vargas .	in fact , you went around it and acted with the board of directors and kept the information from ms. vargas .	1
hey , lexie , you think i did the right thing about this duluth deal ?	| automatic switches of electrical circuits for a voltage not exceeding 1 000 v	0
add the code to enforce referential integrity .	`` i do n't think it 's that bad .	0
yellow is	i want to wait until i can buy you something extra .	0
the lift !	i have n't written the script yet .	0
that criterion has also been applied and expanded upon in two more recent decisions of the court .	this criterion was also applied in two judgments of the court of justice .	1
i do n't even know why they suspected me .	do n't mess with me .	0
light floods over him from a number of small lamps that he has covered with pieces of transparent red fabric , and from dozens of candles .	they want it down .	0
i 'm so happy to see you . you have no idea i 'm so sorry .	i want to show them to you right now .	0
i knocked your front teeth out with a croquet ball .	okay , when you were three , i took out your front teeth with a cricket ball .	1
sorry , i 'm losing my head .	the substance is imported from taiwan .	0
are you fucking out of your mind ?	have you lost your mind ?	1
i was a skinny , adopted kid who sucked at sports .	what if he had admired us and loved us ? ``	0
'joel ! '	`` joel ! ''	1
the old magistrate declares herself not guilty	kayla 's body was rejecting the liver .	0
see , we assumed that the objective was a cascading failure , remember ?	man ... probably the most remarkable species on earth .	0
back in the beginning , it had been different .	what brings you to this wooden neck ?	0
i said , `` you 're the most beautifulest woman i ever saw in the whole wide world. ``	`` you 're the most beautiful woman i 've ever seen in the whole world . ''	1
the man in orange gave an order , and the magician translated .	the man in orange gave an order , and the mage conveyed .	1
thanks for saving our life , you 're a heroine	thanks for saving me , you 're a hero .	1
he must know that i 'm working for morrolan .	i 'm sure he knows i work for morrolan .	1
zone baltic sea subdivisions 22-24 ( 3bc+24 )	subdivision 22-24 in the baltic sea ( 3bc + 24 )	1
take me , baby -take me , baby	take me , baby .	1
to control icarus :	to icarus :	1
you did a dumb thing , moving in with that lady .	you were foolish to fool the lady .	1
chocolate chip , or butter crunch ?	a chocolate cookie , or a mint crispy ?	1
i climbed onto it instantly , ned land and conseil along with me .	mom always said everyone should be able to shine .	0
and what ? - why do you never call her ?	we need a strategy that will succeed against them .	0
look , thank you for telling me all that .	does it seem to me , or is it snow ?	0
milanese rice .	nice rice .	1
so yes , you are exactly the idiot who got us stuck ! archer :	and does he know how to do a frontal lobotomy ?	0
what do you do ?	how did you do it ?	1
fischer 's here in d.c. why ?	fischer 's here in d.c .	1
she 'd come by for a couple of hours , then she 'd leave .	indeed , there was nothing interesting about house prices and apartments at all , except for occasional comments in articles about something else .	0
i want to get an iced latte .	`` have you figured out what i 'm doing now ? ''	0
everybody get inside right now !	everybody get in there !	1
it was too dark for grillo to see the eyes turned upon him , but he felt them , sharp as needles , probing him .	the room was too dark for grillo to see his eyes , but he could sense his eyes , sharp as needles .	1
then you must have been pretty angry when dave stole her from you .	'he wanted to die with honour , which could not be his family - and in return he would have bought them .	0
i will care for her .	i 'll take care of her .	1
i also have an idea for a bulk mail-order feminine hygiene company .	i also have an idea for a mass ordering service for women 's hygiene .	1
i would just like to inform you that your boyfriend was working for me as an undercover during the time around his death .	this is a package that may help you decide before monday .	0
in the event that all agreements listed in annex 1 are terminated , this agreement shall terminate at the same time .	in the event of expiry of any of the agreements listed in annex 1 , the agreement shall be suspended at the same time .	1
even if it 's the last thing i can do : that girl dies .	hey , you !	0
in the name of the galactic spirit , i so curse this ship . ''	for kees .	0
who is in charge of the ethics agreement ?	you 're hurting them if possible .	0
it should have been me and you tonight .	yeah , house is unequivocal ,	0
i dont wan na hear shit , woman .	i do n't want to hear a word , woman .	1
you 're right , it 's out of focus .	you 're right .	1
i love you too .	i found jackson lying in the alley .	0
it has to be millennium midnight or it 's never .	it must happen at the turn of the millennium or never .	1
you 're awfully brave to have saved me .	put it down , carl .	0
i had it when i paid for my shopping .	i had it when i was paying .	1
and there 's something not right about someone else telling me who to spend my life with .	we think it 's like a flu .	0
last night was fun .	boy , housen .	0
do you know who was picking on him ?	that the game started .	0
new england accent , bright-looking , polite , which was about all he was entitled to expect of such people .	he had a new england accent and looked smart and polite , which was all right to expect from such people .	1
okay , that was way too simple .	it was too easy .	1
kendall came to a stop .	the dude is only a year older than me and he knows 10 times more about hot rolls than any of us ...	0
well , first we need a new coat of paint .	a world with scary angels and evami .	0
oo n't laugh at me .	do n't laugh .	1
he has n't told anybody else .	he did n't tell anyone .	1
come on ! come on !	come on , quick !	1
show 'em , mac .	this is a lousy railway , and we 'll do whatever we have to do to keep her out of the wanderers breaking our responsibility .	0
really ? - yes .	really ?	1
did you fiind them ?	we met at her place .	0
'and he will die in a small war over nothing . '	`` and he dies in a little war for nothing . ''	1
he remembers his early struggles , shared by his two loyal comrades .	i spit blood , cradling my skin , and my head could be bursting with pain .	0
the streets were real torrents .	the streets were real streams ...	1
you see someone else and what the other person is going through helps you see your own life .	when you see things from another perspective when you see someone and it makes you look at your life differently .	1
`` but you were n't an eyewitness . ''	`` but you did n't see it . ''	1
i do n't ... i do n't ... i do n't know her very well .	commission regulation ( ec ) no 1274 / 2003 [ 5 ] provides in detail the nature of the breaches established .	0
i remember you were fast so fast so negligent you dislocated my arm .	2210 broadway .	0
behind her , narcissa sat motionless , her face still hidden in her hands .	narcissa , on the other hand , sat still , her face still covered with her hands .	1
you ca n't come here .	we 're going to put you in a bio-feedback program .	0
come here . i wan na show you something .	come here , i 'll show you something !	1
if they 're out , roast beef !	if they do n't , beef !	1
the meal was over and cargraves was thinking sadly of his ruined pipe , when the control alarm sounded .	they ate , and cargraves was wondering sadly about his ruined pipe when a warning signal rang out from the dashboard .	1
all we need are the permits , and we can break ground on it at the end of the summer .	i 'd like to talk to you about something .	0
hngh ! ''	gnk ! ``	1
it joined , in the course of 2006 , the restructuring scheme , submitting to the ministero an application seeking the full amount of aid .	during 2006 , he became involved in the restructuring scheme and submitted an application for the full amount of aid .	1
the shield has held back the ocean for centuries .	i do n't think he can get over the death of his wife .	0
cop boyfriend . skinny cop boyfriend with dark hair that drives a blue car , if you listen to lacey wells .	a heated police boyfriend with dark hair and drives a blue car if you heard lacey wells .	1
i know what i 'd put in your archive . - the man 's obsessed .	is that what it is ?	0
li'i dribblers ! li'i dribblers !	little drifters !	1
it must be nearly finished , man .	it 's almost done , man .	1
it may feel strange ... ... at first , but if you 're open , you might enjoy it .	i 'm not going to be there to save you this time .	0
i have none to give you .	you think it 's supposed to be post-traumatic stress ?	0
she had backed away from me , and now her back touched the obdurate granite of the cliff wall .	oyre stood , naked , draped a long cloak over herself , and crossed the room to a friend whose face was barely discernible in the gloom .	0
i 'm kinda spilling out of my top and you 're refilling my glass of wine and -- and i hand you something .	with bags .	0
you did n't fail me , flap .	elisabet !	0
uh- - we do n't understand you .	we do n't understand .	1
`` how were the roamers ? '' idriss asked .	he 's got a bag of luggage .	0
i know i 'm not perfect , but you have to admit i 'm better !	all right , that 's my sister .	0
but yeah , yuri-chan understands my hobbies .	how long do you think i 'd be if every action was gon na cost me money ?	0
number of volumes	volume count	1
i was just making myself some tea .	i 've just set up for tea .	1
it noticed that zelenka and i both had names , and ... and she asked for one , so ...	the druid slammed his fist against the table like a hammer .	0
i know ... what ?	what ?	1
once representative of his god , dumathoin , the keeper of secrets , the shadows now merely sheltered the denizens of darkness .	they were his god , dumathoina-the keeper of the secret , now they were only a hideout for the feud of darkness .	1
paul glanced at her , back to stilgar .	is n't that much spicy ?	0
it 's the best thing i 've ever had wrapped around me , including phil huntley .	we 'll listen to you .	0
when my grandfather and grandmother were thinking they have problems , i really had a big trouble .	and while my grandparents thought they had a problem , i had a real problem .	1
the levantine voice was unperturbed .	not an idiot , just open to new things .	0
but it 'll run you $ 40 , mr. dunnison so you better last a month ...	you look really cute when you 're sleeping .	0
oh , my god ! - ( all wailing )	oh , my god !	1
what about the football game ?	what about our football tournament ?	1
( jordan ) her favorite shade was cherry crush .	`` they have to save us . ''	0
and there are consequences , even for russell edgington .	you have to face the consequences , even for russell edgington .	1
this is a problem for my people to handle .	oh , god .	0
call my rabbi !	first , the communities in north brabtsk had a monopoly over the sale of land with industrial design with established engineering networks .	0
colin toiled at ens computer .	she said there was a man in the bedroom .	0
bobby : we got to find crowley now , before the damn fool cracks open purgatory .	lady margaret , he 's not going to have to go back .	0
right , the one which screamed like this ...	a civilian judge is not called to replace a criminal judge in any way for such acts .	0
`` it took both of us to fuck this one up , sergeant . ''	what 's going on ?	0
yeah . - did he visit you ?	did he visit ?	1
andie , my cousin , alejandro . - nice to meet you .	`` has she ever been here ? ''	0
i 'd imagined this place to be all concrete .	i thought this whole place was made of concrete .	1
i went back . i showed up .	i showed up ...	1
well ... pugsley still loves me , do n't you , baby ?	no , you 're a cow .	0
you used to steal catfish from my pond .	i thought you had an influence on that guy .	0
article 1 carbosulfan shall not be included as active substance in annex i to directive 91/414/eec .	article 1 the karbosulfan shall not be classified as an active substance in annex i to directive 91 / 414 / eec .	1
your mother should 've taken you to town for the benefit of the masters .	you 'll be on line for ragnar . do n't you get it ?	0
dad , come check this out .	she said she 'd come back ...	0
i regret to have to inform you , minister that it was the voice of a friend of mine .	minister , i have to tell you , it was my friend 's voice .	1
even so ... a debt should berepaid as fast as possible .	quick , before he comes to us .	0
25 – see , to that effect , judgment in márquez samohano ( eu : c:2014:146 , paragraph 42 and the case-law cited ) .	25 - see to that effect márquez samohano ( eu : c : 2014 : 146 , paragraph 42 and case-law cited ) .	1
i just choose different ways to channel my emotions .	variety of cherries covered by the protected designation of origin shall be divided into the following types :	0
the big man beckoned .	then whose interests do the republic defend ?	0
it 's getting late .	we have to go . it 's too late .	1
with my ass on the line , oh , no , you fuckin ' do n't !	when it comes to my ass , you ca n't do it !	1
he 'd almost made it when hawk brought him down with a last , desperate leap .	like lord gillingham , who thought about scotland 's highlands .	0
she had ignored the thirty remaining adjectives , among which were cheerful , co-operative , energetic , and so forth .	she had completely missed the thirty remaining adjectives , among whom she was brilliant : exhilarating , willing , energetic , and so on .	1
and since it 's so adept at mimicking human feeling , i 'm assuming that its software is vulnerable to them as well . so ... - pain .	did you ever have a conversation with kelly when she was speechless for 15 minutes ?	0
`` a conference or some shit ? ''	`` they would n't have done it if someone had n't instructed them . ''	0
what kind of a bloody idiot you take me for ?	now i have to track down where the source of the challenges are being taken to keep this war going .	0
yeah , you could n't see it .	you could n't see them .	1
you said it 's all important and valuable and junk .	you said it was extremely important and very valuable and everything .	1
yeah , but where is she from ?	but he will be arrested for what he did for me .	0
why you sweating like that ?	why do you sweat ?	1
would you like for me to open that gate ?	shall i open this gate ?	1
i thought a man of your background would suggest a more honorable approach .	i thought a man of your qualities would propose a less groundbreaking procedure .	1
the prices and fees charged by a trade repository shall be cost-related .	it 's a little chilly , sir .	0
if it were all a dream ... ... when i awoke ... ... if only you were there .	he could hear the snap of a switch , as he had always heard it when mary went to bed before him .	0
i never got a vasectomy .	i was n't sterilized .	1
come on , do n't cry .	hush now , do n't cry .	1
besides discretion , it 's about the only rule we have .	what about her mother ?	0
do you understand ?	do we understand each other ?	1
keaton made an anonymous phone call ... ... the press was on the scene before the police were .	`` the dow chemist has decided to deal with the people in bhopal . ''	0
um ... but ... but it is my honor .	but it 's an honor .	1
stand still !	you stand !	1
and i 'm not really down with that .	and i 'm not really into it .	1
come over here and let daddy show you what he got in his pants .	what 's with the headset ?	0
that 's great .	`` well , '' said milverton , `` i do n't even sleep properly , my dear .	0
at last i felt that subtle change in the air , and knew that the morning had come .	if the whole world sees me , it 's over .	0
you want to get it out of your well or not ?	besides , for hemingway , the simple sentences worked , right ?	0
pete , ca n't get through .	look , miss , in traumatic moments , sometimes the mind games with the man .	0
speaking of dirty tricks-	zofka kveder ( 1878-1926 ) , a novelist , worked in the cat .	0
but we 're still looking .	perhaps they were startled when he came home - he interrupted them before pulling the back cover back on television .	0
i have so longed to meet you , professor higgins .	i wanted to meet you so much , professor .	1
i am very , very sorry to hear that .	we have to defend the people !	0
we may need to call on you in the future .	maybe we 'll have to call you sometime in the future .	1
after 4 hours	4 o'clock	1
`` i told you that was a sharp customer over there , citizen commissioner . ''	`` i told you he was a tough guy , citizen commissioner . ''	1
then be quiet and listen to me .	it 's dad !	0
eu diplomacy provides support when faced with local risks and other parties ' spheres of influence .	what if we placed a remote-controlled security unit into the tunnel - and then they sealed the door ?	0
oh , sure .	oh , i 'm sure !	1
do you give me your word of honor ?	he pointed to a forest southeast of the valley where the missiles were .	0
is this who you are ?	is that what you are ?	1
if his destiny is strange , it 's also sublime .	if his fate is so peculiar , he is also noble .	1
blinds vertical:2:00 : :	actually , it 's you .	0
but whatever you do don ’ t tell him how we got into the country .	my question was answered , 'cause i just saw eric on his way out of saura 's lounge going down the street .	0
i did n't think she was referring to my accusing her of trying to kill me .	`` that includes feeding , bathing , and cleaning up all the body wastes , and when it comes time , burial or flush . ''	0
you 're not stealing me .	we did our homework .	0
i offered water to one of the slaves dying on the walk of punishment .	one of the slaves , dying in uli 's sentence , offered water .	1
no , no . it 's a heart monitor .	and these wads where they are and they 're taking it , but they do n't drink !	0
yeah , everybody 's always called me that .	i 'm talking about the president .	0
what ? it 's not me .	it 's not me .	1
what 's it like to be a princess ?	it should be recognised that other elements in the more remote predecessors of the regulation could raise the issue in favour of recognition and performance .	0
kofi say , `` you a motherf -- '' - okay , i got it .	what 's wrong with her ?	0
barney rearranged lecter 's clothing and rolled him to the back of the ambulance .	barney adjusted lecter 's clothes and drove him to the ambulance door .	1
of whom may we seek for our succor , oh lord , who is justly displeased because of our sins ?	in which we can demand the help of our lord , who is rightly unhappy with our sins .	1
renner punched in questions : base six was a bit under four light-minutes behind him .	it 's another one of madagascar 's peculiarities .	0
however , on request the net reported that some twenty million sets were tuned in around the globe .	but when asked , the network confirmed the show was being watched by about twenty million people on the planet .	1
the petro spirit told me , put the powder , in the aguardiente bottles that they buy from me .	maduli- the ghost told me to take the job and put it in the bottles they bought .	1
has something happened ? ~ are you not at the wedding ? ~ no .	you 're not at the wedding ?	1
invalid extended attribute name .	otherwise i could still be worried , my cow !	0
estimated time to completion : 3.03.40 min .	what have you got there ?	0
who 's guarding him ?	please go to the bedroom mirror .	0
team direction assured and timely ... no patient could ask for more .	if you do , what will you do with you ? !	0
‘ the suspension and interruption of the limitation period shall affect all those who committed the criminal offence .	`` well , then there would be black dick , the horse wagner .	0
to know for sure that he did n't have anything to do with this .	release date :	0
i 'm gon na get my citizenship .	sometimes even a glance at a pen ( or a cassette ) makes an idea in his mind : the images hung askew .	0
the train never stops and a man vanishes .	fuck !	0
we apologize .	i missed my brain for a year , but now i 'm out of it .	0
a minute of action -- all it is -- and you walk away with millions .	and you walk away with millions .	1
if he does n't stop lying to me , i 'm gon na cut him looser than jared 's pants after a subway diet .	they left it in the car , put them in the dunes , and smoked marches with some guys .	0
good on you .	you 're good .	1
`` give it to me , timmy ! timmy , i want you so bad .	chorin-cchu stared at the slender minister and looked away from him .	0
you want me to go back and put it on ?	they invited me .	0
axel died from cancer six months after the robbery	axel died six months later for cancer .	1
the gate !	okay , i know this .	0
i haven ’ t played since i got sick .	he can be resourceful if he wants .	0
lift your leg up .	pick up your leg .	1
talk about billion-to-one odds ! '	get your butt out of here !	0
`` we 've already got a light cruiser squadron keeping an eye on the peeps , and they know it .	no matter what kind of trouble you are , you 'll always be behind them .	0
'cause , rox , i did n't see anything .	yes , i do .	0
where are you staying ?	b - the third ground of appeal : incorrect interpretation of article 7 ( 2 ) of regulation no 1049 / 2001 1 .	0
if this guy 's still out there ...	if that guy 's still there .	1
all right , seidman , keep 'em pushin ' that whatever you call it .	all right , seidman , keep pushing it , or whatever you call it .	1
got breakfast there . and you still eatin ' goddamn lunch . man .	here 's your breakfast , and you 're still eating a damn lunch .	1
he 's gone to stay someplace else .	no , i 've never been in action .	0
you 're the one doing it , butters . who 'd you think we were talking about ?	who do you think we 're talking about ?	1
exposing your body for money is wrong .	exposing yourself for money is bad .	1
have to .	you 'd have to .	1
you are no longer the same person , and the course of your life will change as a result .	you have become a different being and that means you will also change your life .	1
how can fucking swans not fucking be somebody 's fucking thing , eh ? - how can that be ?	this is our new movement .	0
you 'll decide things for them and everything .	you 'll decide for them .	1
adam . no , it 's cool .	what reason can you have that you 're so angry with me ?	0
get away from there !	i 'm sure it 'll pass when you sit down in your brand-new trailer .	0
from each of you i ask only quiet cooperation without direct risk . ''	i 'm not going anywhere with a cat .	0
sorry do n't pay the bills , white boy .	kofi says , `` you son of a ... '' - okay .	0
there was no face its equal in the imajica .	becker shrugged and looked again at the ring .	0
the operational features of the fine-tuning reverse operations can be summarised as follows : ( a ) they can take the form of liquidity-providing or liquidity-absorbing operations ;	the characteristics of fine-tuning operations may be summarised as follows :	1
'it is all hard to explain .	`` it 's hard to explain .	1
he had grabbed a heavy textbook from the seat and now dropped it onto the accelerator before rolling out the door .	he picked up the heavy textbook from the seat and threw it to the accelerator pedal , then leapt out .	1
lina : this is the worst , right ?	this is the worst , okay ?	1
research convened by the european climate foundation finds that 'greening ' cars could generate about 700,000 additional jobs by 2025 .	the research carried out by the european foundation for climate matters says that `` greening '' cars could create around 700 000 new jobs by 2025 .	1
i 'm learning so much about you today , patrick . oh , god .	i 've learned so much about you today , patrick .	1
i tried to make you see reason before you walked out of the firm .	go inside for a minute .	0
is n't it a little bit late to pick them up ?	at the end of the hole , he carved a circle into the ground and into it by a five-pointed star .	0
do you believe that i would let a lifetime 's work be ended by the will of spineless fools like you ?	did you really believe that i would throw my life 's work out for spineless fools like you ?	1
marty approached the wire cautiously .	i could n't get an aneurysm from my left midbrain artery because of the risk of aphasia , so i mobilized arteries between arteries and veins .	0
going to the cops .	help me feel it , i beg you .	0
come on , give it back .	and surely a fast car at the rear entrance to the hotel .	0
you should know there are agents parked outside this house	you know what was best ?	0
the legitimacy of the principle of limited liability is being increasingly contested .	she has an extensive sexual clientele around los angeles .	0
now i 'm following your instructions , and i 'm on my way to the bank in central .	now i 'm on your way to the bank downtown .	1
i say if it keeps him from murdering someone we chloroform the little bastard and throw him in the lake .	if it is to prevent him from killing someone , he will suspend them with chloroform and throw him into the lake .	1
what is it , lovers ' tiff ?	lovers quarrelling ?	1
now remove them .	the valley fell .	0
i just transferredto arlington cemetery .	the rest are the doormen , the cleaners , the cooks , the laundry people , the gardeners , and so on .	0
but i 'm happy to announce that we 're almost ready .	now that your blood bond is lifted , you 're vulnerable .	0
so you 're gon na cancel the show .	so you 're canceling the show ?	1
maybe it was i that pulled the trigger .	did any of them have any problems with sid ?	0
paul phoned the cab company , but no one answered .	paul dialed the cab number for a minute , but no one was reported .	1
i know the world is going nuts but if you 're there i need your help .	are you planning another event ?	0
we always used to tell everybody , `` pop died from cancer . ''	on the floor , face down !	0
i want you to take the job .	hey , you know what ?	0
whatever ivan 's paying you , he 's wasting his money .	normally they 'll steal your money and go out shopping .	0
'cause i 'm not exactly an expert in life skills .	the nomes cowered where they could and listened fearlessly overhead .	0
maybe if you talk about it .	maybe if you told me about it .	1
`` i was very pleased at your recovery , '' the ambassador lied , his scarred face carefully expressionless .	i 'm glad you recovered , `` the envoy lied , carefully digging for his scarred face to remain expressionless .	1
ciaran : jason !	jason !	1
baby , you 're gon na burn so bad if you do n't let me put this on you right now .	oh , sweetie , you 're gon na be really burned if i do n't mess you up right now .	1
it was the face of one whose tenacious endurance of constant pain was marked in the firm , unyielding lines about the mouth .	i want to bring down gossip girl once and for all .	0
this giant crocodile came up , turned him over , bit half his leg off , dragged him down under .	can we see them , him , her ?	0
why is my jacket in the pot ?	why is my jacket in the bank ?	1
oh , my god , you have to rush kappa gamma .	gosh , you have to join kappa gamma .	1
split up . go !	let 's split up .	1
`` i need to get you out of here , '' she said again .	`` i have to get rid of you , '' she said .	1
yo , white boy .	hey , white mouth .	1
viewer transmission terminated and blocked .	you do n't have to be at the mercy of the us .	0
needless to say ... ... from now on ... ... you and i are even	you do n't have to say anything ... ... from now on ... ... you and me .	1
what have i old you about drugs ?	the faint nausea , accompanied by a slight dizziness , made him difficult to balance .	0
get him up here .	get him .	1
`` go sit down and look pale , '' he muttered .	send him in .	0
butyou can call me pestario .	increase ?	0
‘ lucky you .	as italian garrison on lefkada island ?	0
the courier 's bag was an expensive leather attaché case with the coat of arms of the royal house of windsor embossed on both sides .	the file replication service has stopped because the workspace is full .	0
do you hear how ... ?	keep it to the prom .	0
in my third year , my brain seized consistently .	when i was in the third grade , my brain was still having a seizure .	1
i ca n't understand that ! ''	i do n't understand ! ``	1
35 in the moonlight the tumbled boulder pile gleamed whitely , like the skeleton of some prehistoric beast .	in the moonlight , 35 thunder of boulders flashed white as a skeleton of a prehistoric animal .	1
and ruthless gets four points .	and it gets 4 points !	1
they must have been in the brush , right where the car stopped .	they must have been hidden in the bushes , just where the car had stopped .	1
oh , woe is me .	`` i have come , '' he said .	0
calm down , bear .	take it easy , bear .	1
um , breena , just find out what time they want to meet , and , um , we will be there ... with bells on .	their target was n't quite far away , on a plateau of staggering heights .	0
get inside , both of you .	they 're not the only ones in court .	0
but i have a date to catch .	they could not say that aloud .	0
`` he , the one who grasped a shooting star ... , such a mindless man , your heart is mine. ``	yes , he came from norfolk and was made by guys .	0
gerard , you close the window	i 'll show you your room .	0
we 're sending a squad up .	watch global news .	0
it does n't really taste that bad .	as a great ape , he had no doubt about the truthfulness of his eyes , so he simply believed them .	0
we 'll check the bentley for fluids , see if we can confirm .	not for long .	0
he reached behind into the refrigerator to get the meat .	not me , hans .	0
why do n't you get a real job , you fucking cocksucker ?	but if she 's ever done , i 'm here .	0
hence the name ... the cavalry .	like esterhuys ?	0
oh , dear me , beryl .	and remember ... ... a fixed wrist .	0
julia , why do you torture yourself with memories ?	i only have 7 dogs , and the andean .	0
did you sell the lime ? - no .	the police will be here soon .	0
his whole life is written on his face .	we have a whole life written in our faces .	1
krausa cracked his knuckles one by one .	a violation of the law of security .	0
these creatures are hiding somewhere !	previously , the original vat settlement should be recorded , hence this is a copy .	0
we 'll start the analysis and send it back to the team at castle .	we 'll start with her analysis and we 'll send her back to the fortress .	1
we 're sending these guys a message to back off , and i do n't want to confuse the issue with anything else .	he straightened up and stretched .	0
you ended up with nobley , right ?	`` now i have to report to duke atreides , '' he said with unwavering confidence .	0
i 've just given bradley pearson a cup of tea .	i just gave bradley pearson his tea .	1
in a few years ' time , everything will be different ,	why do n't you show me ?	0
it feels completely different .	that 's completely different .	1
`` may not .	it 's small , but with enthusiastic fans .	0
what you 're witnessing is a robbery .	they can see here .	0
how can you tell ?	how do you know ?	1
you 're sleeping , but your brain is awake .	you sleep , but your mind is active .	1
if you do it again , you'il have to fend for yourself	then harold stood up again , smiling again .	0
do i even have the right to ask where you 've been ?	i have a right to ask where ?	1
i think hiroki and i felt that somehow .	hiroki and i feel it .	1
in two days i 'll marry the mountain devil	in two days , i 'm going to marry a demon demon .	1
i forgot my suit , had to borrow this . ¶¶vivaldl :	i forgot my suit . i had to borrow this .	1
and , anyway , it would take a long time to count them .	you got a big mouth , woman .	0
democracy takes the blame	democracy is blamed ,	1
whispers .	he let it grow .	0
you sit here like ... ... like some big shot with boy wonder here , blowing smoke up your ass like it 's still relevant .	you 're sitting there like a star with a boy wonder who comes in your butt , as if you still care .	1
the typical southerner lacks the ability to look beyond his own parochial interests .	a typical south man lacks the ability to see beyond his own interests .	1
set up main document	configure master document	1
'it 's just for a while . '	`` it 's only for a while . ''	1
i tell you , i owe a spot of it to my son .	he took another sip of his juice .	0
which way did adele go ?	where did adele go ?	1
that 's my littlenephew , jake .	if tamara told you she 'd be in the game , she 'd wait there until i found her .	0
rifles as we told you .	guns like i told you .	1
does n't hurt .	did you ever fear she could fight for the wrong thing ?	0
so , as you can see , the intestine has been tied off , so i 'm going to cut it free .	we 're not gon na hurt you , so get off .	0
who the blazes is bluenote ?	i did n't do anything wrong .	0
he could nearly see the bones .	he was so thin that he could almost see his own bones .	1
not too fucking deep , huh ?	then what are you doing here ?	0
earl : have a seat over here . - '' d '' tent !	sit over there . - stan `` d '' !	1
oh , yes .	oh , right .	1
i did n't save them all .	i did n't keep them all .	1
people , people , please , before you say something you both regret ,	you , a homeless guy and an addict , do you have a problem that i 'm touching ?	0
he 's not inside we do n't think .	we think he 's not here .	1
come on , i was n't gon na have a kid with cindy .	the problem is my car is turning to the left .	0
no , that 's how much an engagement ring costs .	no , it 's as much as an engagement ring .	1
what 's with the earphones ?	the reputation of `` prleška tünka '' is now supported by numerous certificates and awards that it has received on various occasions .	0
a sniper ?	a world in which each country wants a weaker exchange rate is similar in its history .	0
very entertaining but completely out of control .	very amusing , but completely unchecked .	1
at that point on the scale the policyholder has to pay only 45 % of the reference premium .	36 hours have passed since the mass kidnapping of children from ballard 's school and the entire event is gathering an unusual burn .	0
the federal bureau of… ''	if you want to know the truth , ask quinn .	0
i think it 's great you dance naked ... ... to jamaican music .	the way you danced naked on jamaican music was amazing .	1
did n't you say something a while ago about wanting one ?	did n't you say something recently about getting your own ?	1
fabian knipper ( 1463/2010 ) ;	i do n't think he 'll show up at rehearsals soon , cat .	0
because they have such a short gestation period they vascularize very quickly .	yeah , but i just trust him .	0
and therefore to love at first sight is to drink the spirits of the beloved ’ s heart .	if construction was not completed by the deadline for the entry into service , the united kingdom would be entitled to terminate the differential agreement unilaterally .	0
that 's what you wan na do for the rest of your life is paint fruit and people dancing at tea parties ?	oh , my god , do you want to paint only fruit and people at parties for the rest of your life ?	1
it 's fun , right ? you gon na support these ... people ?	do you support these people ?	1
hal , this test today it 's important .	hal , today 's test is important .	1
the debate on the report remained on the next day 's agenda .	not much ?	0
she´s killing you .	not a bit of fighting , sir .	0
i 'm hearing you very badly .	i hear you pretty bad .	1
do that .	typhoon transport !	0
definitely tried pretty hard to claw his way out of here .	he wo n't stop at nothing to get a picture .	0
i saw you in the hallway there , but you looked kind of busy .	every day i walked around the farm , trying to remember anything to jog my memory .	0
get them off !	take them off me !	1
it 's this woman reporter .	it 's about a reporter .	1
are you sayin ' to me the dog was n't put in the kennel until last night ? - right .	charlie , the woman you meet is a mother 's personality .	0
i know what it is .	that bastard is cutting his last cigarette .	0
naomi told me you always exaggerate .	`` the duchess will lead our steps , '' she said .	0
correct me if i 'm wrong .	correct me .	1
`` that may be so , but it is necessary .	`` that 's possible , but it 's necessary . ''	1
but to do that , you need to let him go . i wo n't do that .	desert agent .	0
eh . blake , you should be back over here .	nicole de leo ( 1457 / 2008 )	0
so , that 's why you 're a smuggler you need money .	so that 's why you became a smuggler .	1
will you stop going on about my haircut ?	hey , baby .	0
why do n't you trysomething like that ?	why do n't you try something like that ?	1
i want ... ... these pigs blown out of the sky .	i want to sweep the pigs out of the sky .	1
and i do n't know who instituted it .	work : sniper ?	0
would you like to see your quarters ?	would you like to see your quarters before we go to the reception ?	1
shit ! i hate these fucking phones !	fucking phones !	1
big , brown package from afghanistan ? - big , brown package from afghanistan ?	you 're the only person i know who 's still saying `` gee , '' `` verily '' and `` gambling . ''	0
we need a strategy to counter them .	there was a painful expression on his face .	0
how can we make all of them follow along ?	how do we keep all of them ?	1
she is far too old to be transferring from another station ... but when she heard that you 'd been found ... well , this is ...	she 's too old to move between stations , but when she heard they found you ...	1
i was thinking the same thing . you know what i mean ?	wait , is that billy joel ?	0
these key elements were published on the emea website ( doc ref : emea/chmp/343456/2005 ) .	what kind of documents are they ?	0
you know them ?	poor orson !	0
the commission shall ensure that the right to be heard of the addressees of the decision is respected .	how did someone like you go so far without recognizing his weapons ?	0
i 'm not working at the orange grove anymore .	sorry , sugar .	0
i found where the source of that smell is coming from .	it 's them .	0
hey . i hear you went on some run with aceveda ?	what i 'd much like to know is how you felt about what you were thinking about. ``	0
you have something i want .	if he brings him to the brink of death , i 'll kill him myself .	0
you mean ... they let the women come to the barracks ?	this is because these functions are so fundamental to life , they developed before different life forms branched out far apart .	0
and sometime when this obedient son was , say , in his senior year at stanford or yale , sloat would introduce him to the territories .	miles was n't sure what it meant .	0
our floodlights must have been more brilliant than anything that europa has ever known , even the sun itself ...	our spotlights have certainly shone more strongly than anything europa has ever known , the sun not including ...	1
'it seems your besiegers are gone , ' kalam observed .	'the siege seems to be over , 'kalam observed .	1
you know , it 's just , i 'm finding the whole thing just a little confusing .	tell me what he did in his life , and what you did n't do in your life .	0
how many of you are left ?	how many more of you are there ?	1
i 've got a lot of work to do .	rilpivirine ( lopinavir / ritonavir capsules 400 / 100 mg bid )	0
they shall be freely accessible after a period of 30 years unless decided otherwise by the decision-making bodies .	in the absence of other decision-making bodies , such documents shall be freely accessible for 30 years .	1
it 's i who wants a divorce .	why do n't you just do it on ice when they play the bruins ?	0
cal . get in here !	merrick , you and i are allies ... who go into battle together , do n't you think there 's some ...	0
we got ta go to work .	i was in the shop before i became a mom .	0
he 's going in there .	the question is , where does the man strike next ?	0
select the line to scale over	select the line to change size	1
all working on their fourth and final bags .	`` you would die very quickly .	0
competition – agreements , decisions and concerted practices – agreements between undertakings ( art . 81 ( 1 ) ec )	but what relationship is n't complicated ?	0
that was n't one of the choices .	`` you do n't think you can beat the targets until you recognize them . ''	0
the ... the ref who was stabbed on the basketball court !	i wo n't let you .	0
at least i 've worked for everything i have .	everything i 've worked out .	1
you know how many crank tips the papers say the police get ?	you had a great influence over there .	0
tasty , is n't it ?	sieben , who had beaten his passion during the last two hours with her , smiled wanly .	0
alone on the streets , you do n't stand a chance .	alone on the street , you do n't have much good prospects .	1
when ?	when and who ?	1
`` skipper , '' she said , `` you 're mighty quiet for someone whom i suspect has spent the night making love .	`` commander , '' she said , `` you are suspicious of a man who spent the night in bed .	1
i think it wo n't matter , because you 'll be dead .	you do n't have yet to ... go to the field .	0
so , for all their sakes , just go .	i love you .	0
okay , did the voice say anything else to you ?	okay , did he say anything to you ?	1
it 's just that we never got a chance to read the fine print at the bottom of the contract , and that scares me . ''	it 's just that we did n't get the chance to read the little text at the end of the contract , and that frightens me. ``	1
come and see .	in the bath .	0
you wait until my husband gets back from florida .	chavez found himself hoping that the tools of the instruments had run out .	0
( sobbing ) : they 're taking liam ?	they 're taking liam ?	1
annihilation is destruction .	it 's not about destruction .	1
it follows from the text of the initiative that this cooperation may in all cases include the exchange of personal data .	she paled in her face , took a deep breath , and bared her teeth at me-like a beast .	0
thanks , nata .	thanks , nato .	1
i dig it . okay , if i factor in those `` b '' names i was working on ...	all right , if i add those names to the `` b '' i used to do ...	1
i heard you were telling everyone you were jungwoo 's girl ?	i hear you say you 're jungwoo 's girl .	1
get on behind me ! that thing goes at two miles an hour ! not any more !	that thing drives two miles an hour !	1
i know i 'll get over it , but right now i hate anders and cooper .	i was operating .	0
first , i got a really fucked headache .	you should know there 's agents parked in front of the house .	0
trying to scare off a neighborhood dog .	`` that 's why he 's gon na start saying '' no `` ? ''	0
and they 'll be sowing the summer barley in the lower fields ... ... and eating the first of the strawberries with cream .	two million .	0
you know , it 's strange .	i understand , but it 's weird .	1
predicting desires .	anticipation of a desire .	1
we 've stopped the bleeding .	we managed to stop the bleeding .	1
relax . relax .	i just happened to be sitting in front of your door , playing a song of love for me to jog your inner desires .	0
`` lay your poor head here and rest it .	two more .	0
i 'm not going travellin ' with no cat !	his last hope is tomorrow 's test from history .	0
and this other guy ? mmm .	and the other guy .	1
i 'm guessing , you would have had some pretty amazing sex .	like penny loves you .	0
9 article 6 of directive 98/59 provides as follows :	9 article 6 of directive 98 / 59 provides :	1
i get to pick the curtains for the bedroom , right ?	let me just pick the curtains for the bedroom , will you ?	1
strand 1.2.2 : literary translation projects ( lasting up to twenty-four months )	you did n't hurt him ?	0
beginning with you , congresswoman bachmann .	only for transit through the territory of the union. ``	0
you ca n't give in to your fear .	i 'm sure i 'll tweet about this .	0
the endless verdent mountains ,	hey , you little shits .	0
no , you wo n't do this .	the scenario assumes that real gdp will increase by 2.25 % per year for real gdp .	0
i just got off with dr. buckner .	there , the turkish defenders held their day .	0
tortured first , naturally .	they will torture you first , of course .	1
kind of slow for you down here .	everything is slow for you .	1
this we know .	it seems dan humphrey is on a very fast track from a lonely boy to a complete recluse .	0
the committee would like the industry to increase transparency on the charging option applied .	the committee would be welcome for the industry to increase transparency in the method for charging fees .	1
i must have forgotten something ...	how do you tie him up with the money ?	0
in the gloomy room , with moss now colonizing the walls , the sergeant loomed large .	in an unoccupied room , the walls occupied by moss , the sergeant looked like a giant .	1
it was a good plan up ‘ till now .	it was a good plan , until now .	1
yeah , so i 'm probably not gon na be able to stay more than a day or so	so i probably wo n't stay here for more than a day or two .	1
did you figure out what you 're going to do ?	have you decided what you 're gon na do ?	1
initialisation of encrypted volume failed	just lie down .	0
they ca n't see you here .	stay calm .	0
everything on this planet has evolved to kill humans .	everything here has evolved to kill people .	1
she had turned , and her hand had not felt the expected flesh .	should n't we go back to the village now ?	0
i mean , sex is pretty basic , right ?	i 'm sorry , don francisco , but the places are already booked .	0
and for a moment it seemed that again the light of madness flickered in his eyes .	there is a clear belief in those reports that zander was making huge strides until recently .	0
since you took the honor of first assault , you owe me a gift of homage .	but he 's got the same tattoo .	0
it 's called , '' the naked man . ''	it 's not uncommon for people to suffer anxiety after surgery .	0
see how they stare at me , wondering - all wondering - at my secret wellspring of wisdom… '	well , as they stare at me , they reponder - they all ponder - my secret lair of wisdom.. . '	1
they both stared at the fateful cogs for a time .	`` let go ? ''	0
i 'm charming like that . huh .	i mean , i mean , i 'm sorry .	0
`` what are you thinking , wizard ? ''	but to stop it , you have to let him go .	0
i make him put on black shawl , pretend he 's grandma .	lucas !	0
that 'll take forever !	this is going to take forever .	1
check your guns , if you want to stay here .	give me your gun if you want to stay .	1
it 's everything . you 're everything .	that 's all , you 're everything for me .	1
as a result of such memories , jonesy was positive march fifteenth had already happened .	i 'm working with her .	0
sir , private ryan reporting as ordered .	private ryan , your order .	1
a big web .	they scare me .	0
good to meet you .	pleased to meet you .	1
how 'd it go with fleischmann 's ?	how 's it going with fleischmann margarine ?	1
change is hard .	change is heavy .	1
they got a right to know . they 'll want to be here .	they have a right to know .	1
describe revenue code	i was hoping you 'd see her .	0
i mean , what did you do ?	come here , you ...	0
but it 's not just where the kid works ... i think it 's a malko front .	it 's a bird that draws its prey , and leaves its organs to eat for the last time .	0
apparently , they found another lump .	apparently they found her another rough .	1
because she knew thrawnknew the grand admiral 's tenacity and the limits of his patience both .	oh , sorry i like a guy who 's trying to save my life .	0
tanks intended for military purposes and those supplying plants outside the scope of point 1.1 are excluded . 2. gas 2.1 .	tanks for the military purposes and tanks supplying plants outside the scope of point 1.1 shall be excluded .	1
cancels execution of current program	`` where is he ? 'i demanded .	0
something about her sucked me away from the plane and drew me right back to her .	i did n't know what happened .	0
if a dog do n't bark- okay , i ca n't listen to him anymore .	its diplomatic services are supportive of the local risk and the risks caused by contact with the zones of influence from other powers .	0
they know how valuable it is .	they know her value .	1
are you asking for investigatory support or access to our records ?	you 're asking for help in the investigation -- or access to our records .	1
because she has nothing to come back to .	it 's human lives , not bits of paper .	0
well , not in a way that we 're consciously aware of , but sort of like vibrations .	not in a way that we 're aware of , but it 's like a vibe .	1
my son ... forgive me .	what 's so great about licking some asshole 's tongue ?	0
i always have .	no , i 'll show them all your embarrassing video .	0
now d ’ agosta was glad he had it .	`` is n't that one of those books banned in boston ? '' he asked .	0
but his mind was on the missile and what its warhead would do to all of them if it detonated .	in the neighborhood of lausanne , people paint shutters every year .	0
dancing the macarena with donald trump ?	how ? did you dance `` macarena '' from donald trump ?	1
does that meanmy brothers are okay ?	so the brothers are okay ?	1
did n't owe him any money , nothing like that ?	he did n't owe him money or something ?	1
each in its own way was ... unforgettable .	each of them is unforgettable .	1
oh , baby.that 's so sweet .	i 'm leaving right now .	0
today , we will divide into groups and try to understand the poem together .	today , we are divided into groups , and we will attempt to analyse the poem .	1
were you even alive in the fall of 1987 ?	but this book is an attack on all decent people .	0
it was always like that .	it 's always been .	1
is there something to tell ?	is there something she should have said ?	1
i 'm not even trained for combat .	he 's not deaf .	0
the micro area appeared as deserted as the rest of the lab .	the microbiology department seemed as deserted as the rest of the lab .	1
it was a firm , warm hand of flesh and blood .	they were solid , hairy hands of flesh and blood .	1
you and audrey known one another ?	do you and audrey know each other ?	1
padelsky took sections at various points , which rocco sealed in bags .	`` you say it like it 's better not to be accompanied by you . ''	0
that takes the future of its country in its own hands .	who has the fate of his country firmly in his own hands .	1
find out what you can about harish dhillon . do you think the six billion could be linked to the dead pakistani officer ?	do you think he 's got the $ 6 billion bond on that dead pakistani officer ?	1
st. vincent 's first wife , elizabeth sims .	vincent , elizabeth sims .	1
lynn 's been gushing about your food all day .	lynn 's been eating poetry all day .	1
i did n't even have to drop the `` chambers '' bomb once , man .	she 's completely healthy , both mentally and physically .	0
there 's seven of us , so even if they come fast they ca n't get us if we 're holding these .	and there 's seven of us , so long as we keep the sticks , they ca n't catch us .	1
start it up , and i 'll meet you at the altar !	i 'll meet you at the altar .	1
yes , but i told you that i have difficulties understanding you .	so ... can we go ?	0
they will not be back until half an hour more , i think .	no , i do n't want anything .	0
are you blind ? he is a robot !	he 's a robot !	1
everyone is so mad at you . - how about you ?	everyone is mad at you .	1
his big toe !	you ca n't stay here .	0
he burns off energy playing in the tub , so he 's calmer in school . ''	he had very deep knowledge from history , philosophy , art and natural sciences .	0
'the guy 's gone nuts ! ' schaffer 's voice was a shocked whisper .	the 2001 / 220 framework decision does not contain specific provisions in relation to the rights of victims when they form an indictment themselves .	0
good direction ?	the plans should be drawn up at a geographical level that is considered appropriate .	0
you live with someone for 21 years . one day they pull his torso out of a river .	you 've lived with someone twenty-one years , and suddenly he 's taken out of the river .	1
`` then how can you ride her power ?	to enable text overflow to the selected field , click yes .	0
come on , tighter , tighter .	come on , closer .	1
article 31 closure of the esd compliance account 1 .	article 31 closing of an account to ensure compliance with the `` sharing effort '' decision 1 .	1
i 'm very sorry . i-i ... i do n't relish telling you this .	my grandma too .	0
so the calming ray is an anger ray .	remember what i said back then ?	0
so great . we just would like to see if he would be interested in writing another episode .	we wanted to know if he would write another episode .	1
sheen , listening , relaxed visibly .	sheen , listening to them , was relieved .	1
lookin ' good .	it looks good .	1
i ca n't think of anything right now .	`` the fleet sails tomorrow , dirk .	0
coalition forces picked up a shiite insurgent just outside of baghdad .	the allies arrested a shiite rebel near baghdad .	1
cross your arms over your chest .	you want to know why i blamed it .	0
`` hold still , achilles , '' said bean .	`` stay calm , achilles , '' said bean .	1
i have some very interesting news for starik that ca n't wait for dead drops .	`` no one will disturb you now , '' he added , lifting his bundle from the ground .	0
i wish this guywould shut the fuck up .	shut the hell up .	1
yeah , but it gets better , they say .	yeah , but it 'll be better .	1
'everyone knows that cutting off a vampire 's head is internationally acceptable , ' he said .	blind slaves .	0
o.k . well , we got to get going .	but just today wo n't be enough , ben .	0
when he was secure in the middle he was in a little cabin screened off from the open space by a few leaves .	when he was safely inside , he found himself in a small chamber , separated from the clearing by only a few leaves .	1
who are they ?	yes , i 'm sure .	0
i 'm sorry , miss wright .	he and jesse were close , looking at each other .	0
we can look after ourselves .	what an idiot !	0
'been riding his motorbike into morley ? . '	that 's a real problem !	0
i know , a twisted notion , but what went on in his mind is less a mystery to me than to most , i suspect . '	i know it 's a twisted vision , but what his mind was about is probably less of a mystery to me than to others. ``	1
but the officers did find an expired l.a. driver 's license on her person .	but the cops found an invalid l.a. driver 's license on her .	1
it 's exciting	it 's so exciting .	1
after 9/11 i was really concerned about the security of my family .	i 'd like some lunch .	0
we met in her office .	they seem to have run into the ice in full impulse .	0
and , if you gon na be late i suggest you bring a note	where 's my plane ? !	0
and these really will be safe tribbles now .	and now they 'll be harmless tribbles .	1
and i am so lucky .	and i 'm so happy .	1
if anyone murdered those men , i did .	if those men were killed , it was me .	1
similar collaboration could be undertaken for other types of heavy duty vehicles .	the emergence of such cooperation could also be found for other types of heavy goods vehicles .	1
the sailors ran a plank across to the wharf , and greldik led the way ashore .	i have nothing to hide .	0
cat sitters , l.a .	god , if i 'd known you 'd think of that idea ... ... i 'd have killed you in childbirth .	0
it 's bloody cold in here .	it 's freezing cold .	1
well , there is news , prince zuko , but you might not like it .	he held out his hand to hold pie , but misjudged the distance and skidded off the back of the doeki .	0
granny ! ? .	grandma ?	1
to be fair , i did hear it from a pretty reliable source .	does it know ?	0
this is a death squad in action in el salvador	there 's no point in upsetting her mother more than necessary. ``	0
`` they wo n't , doctor , unless we want them to . ''	`` they wo n't find out , doctor , if we do n't want to . ''	1
i thought so , too , for many a year , but i was mistaken .	i thought it for many years , but i was wrong .	1
an expression of agony crossed his face .	it was hard to approach more .	0
you do n't know what you 're saying .	mom , you do n't know what you 're talking about .	1
ignoring all others in the clearing , tomas walked up to the first tsurani prisoner .	tomas ignored anyone at the clearing and approached the first tsurani prisoner .	1
that might be helpful .	that might help .	1
more of your kind .	believe in us .	0
not for work , you understand ... but for sport .	but for you to understand , not for the job , just for fun .	1
do n't you mean futon , and do n't you mean kicking your ass	i 'd like an ice latte .	0
come out , it 's our leaving party .	come out , we have a farewell party .	1
you are the onlygrown man i know ... ... that still says `` gee'and `` golly '' and `` gosh. ``	come on .	0
i want you to be part of it	what is this ?	0
thank you for seeing me on such short notice , admiral winslow .	thank you for taking me in such a short time , admiral winslowe .	1
`` romeo , romeo , wherefore art thou , romeo ? ''	the 9th session upheld honecker 's request to be freed from his duties for health reasons and thanked him for his political life .	0
would you get over here , yusef ?	can you come here , yusef ?	1
autobazar - autohej ! zprostředkování dovozu aut z francie .	prodej a servis motocyklů a příslušenství .	1
there 's dead bone in my foot that stinks right now .	there 's a bone in my foot , and i just stink .	1
'what a piece of luck you had that rope ! '	he 's much worse than stupid .	0
assholes .	idiots !	1
setup will now restart your computer and try again .	you 've lost your faith , have n't you ?	0
me and jordan in trauma two .	me and jordan on second .	1
sarcoma ?	a malignant tumor ?	1
- representing the commission before the council , the european parliament and the member states in the negotiation process ;	dr. alan guth is a respected person of cosmology .	0
chapter xx reciprocity , transition period and entry into force article 85 publication of reciprocity 1 .	all men tried to console her , including patrick .	0
it just feels better !	i 'm going to make mincemeat out of your little girl , for the meat of that black bastard son of a bitch .	0
oh , c'mon , d'you really think we 're just gon na spend the next seven weeks ambling about , picking up litter ' ?	take them off .	0
`` the iosa results correspond with the results of regular audits by the czech civil aviation authority at csa .	`` the findings of the iosa audit coincides with the results of the inspections performed regularly by the company at csa .	1
what happened with chef ? did you tell him she 's a succubus ?	what 's with the chief , you told him about the succubus ?	1
the wizards had spent the night directing their best spells against the dragon .	the wizards spent the night making their best spells , sending them against the dragon , unfortunately for nothing .	1
you 're just hiding behind that black fella business so you do n't get hurt !	you 're hiding behind the black people 's habits , so you wo n't be hurt !	1
i do n't know . i had a job in sales before i was a mom .	the cold shortens the battery life .	0
please forgive me for being so terribly late .	i 'm sorry to be late .	1
i have walked them , and i know . '	if you could n't say the words here , he could n't have told them anywhere else .	0
it 'll be all right .	it was just a figure of speech .	0
women downstairs !	i 've seen good people murdered in the name of what should be 'right ' .	0
physically assaulting this man a mistake ?	does he see the physical challenge of a man as a mistake ?	1
why not caught with dirty sex as friends ?	why do n't you just enjoy having sex , like your friends ?	1
what 's itlike to have the body of a 10-year-old boy ?	and what happens to satire and with mockery ?	0
do n't `` what are you talking about '' me .	we are at war with the rebels , with the terrorists who hope to see us all dead .	0
when i was a boy , this was always my favourite of the classic ferraris .	it would be a great book tour .	0
i found a rock i like .	i found a stone .	1
you want to write again after all these years , something 's happened .	this is a crazy laugh for you .	0
what are you planning ?	you ca n't come in here ... naked .	0
just , the ex-wife ... she 's got a garnishing on my wages .	it 's just ... my ex-wife has applied for some deductions from my wages .	1
can not complete this action .	the action could not be completed .	1
they have to fix a pipe , so the water'il be off tomorrow from noon to 2:00 .	error resolving ' % s ' for % s	0
what about the shower cam ?	i 'm sure it 's because you do n't work on wall street .	0
word has spread that i 'm in town , and the dining room is full .	is there any way you could find out who was serving him last night ?	0
abruptly marveling , he walked to the stately french windows , and stared at the glorious summery garden .	funny , that 's what i wanted to say to him .	0
now i feel like i 'm not living up to my best self .	well , he said you were a little restless when you stopped by him .	0
he laughed and squashed the quickly smoked cigarette butt against the concrete foundation .	he laughed and squashed a quickly-smoked cigarette about a concrete base .	1
did you have to go at noon ? when , then ?	the publication of network rail safety reports .	0
he 's still descending eastbound towards new york .	hey , i got used to disappearing and jump on metro 9 to the south bronx to see something like this .	0
who were you besides an angel of mercyy , giving a two-time loser like me the night of his life ?	who was my angel , my angel , who was a loser like me to donate the most beautiful night of his life .	1
ma , you promised to be civil .	you two , look who 's here . ~ bye , darling . ~ dad ! ~ livia .	0
all we need to find is our parking ticket , and we catch this son of a bitch .	do you have vegan frozen yogurt ?	0
it would be so ...	on your right , look to your right .	0
issued in norway since 1.1.1998 description : plastic card model according to annex ia of directive 91/439/eec .	i do n't ask your forgiveness .	0
you did n't even visit me in rehab .	we 're not wasting time .	0
that house .	in the house .	1
payload of six w80 nuclear warheads , five recovered at the scene . oh , well , there 's some good news .	they took six nuclear warheads of w80 , five of them left in place .	1
`` then we 're fucked . ''	`` here we are . ''	1
i need you to meet me at my place .	i need you to come to my house .	1
like watch baseball on the flatscreen ?	watching baseball on a wide screen ?	1
so i 'm your mom ... not elizabeth ?	i 'm still your mum.. not elizabeth ?	1
you stupid fool ! you ruined the whole number !	you screwed up the whole number !	1
danny , you have such a literal perspective .	this neighborhood is known for its tranquil atmosphere and plenty of parks and restaurants .	0
cordelia could have hugged him for it .	did you know that while zuckerberg made facebook , he communicated with the prosecutors ?	0
and who gave her that idea ?	who would have thought a trip to the cemetery would be such a nuisance ?	0
i 'd guess she earns her living baking cookies in a hollow tree .	oh , that 's too bad , michael .	0
i do n't look it , but i 'm pretty cool , right ?	i 'm not saying that , but i 'm fine , are n't i ?	1
and apart from a handful of colleagues , i 'm the only one who knows you 're still here , but changed .	you know what , miss ?	0
i 'd rather you stick to the events , not the emotions surrounding them .	i would rather stick to facts about events than the emotions that accompanied them .	1
i 'm gon na show everyonethis embarrassing video of you .	let me go with you , i 'll protect you !	0
oh my god , a clock cyril , it means behind you .	and the other one bought himself at a restaurant in the road .	0
if indicated , elimination of unabsorbed tipranavir should be achieved by emesis or gastric lavage .	if this is indicated , the elimination of non-intestinal tipranavir should be achieved by inducing vomiting or weighing in the stomach .	1
god . typical .	we have to get out .	0
`` i guess i was n't thinking .	autopsy report : broken neck , fractured skull .	0
you ca n't jump up on the girl ; it scares her .	come on , you ca n't jump on a little girl , she 's afraid of you .	1
he said `` good , '' and turned and walked quickly in through the archway .	`` very well , '' he said , turning and moving quickly through the arched doorway .	1
i 'm sorry , madam , i was delayed .	i did n't see you pull one out of the quiver .	0
do n't think , do .	i 'm sure you realize it 's important to keep an eye on you , general crozier .	0
`` and . . . '' he paused , as if unwilling to say something .	henry , your mom is a dancer now .	0
you revealed lbsen to me . - ibsen .	i look good .	0
you know , that 's not always such a bad thing .	in the strange , vampire world called the star party at the other end of the möbius continuum , it might have been called laughter .	0
they think i 'm some innocent little twit ... who they can treat as bad as they want .	they think i 'm some innocent little punk ... ... with whom they can act as they please .	1
`` the police realized from the description that she was from our group , so they came to inquire .	she seemed to grow her own vegetables .	0
nobody is better at not getting women than me .	no one is better off not having girls than me .	1
if you 're free to date in this marriage , i am , too .	if you can date this marriage , i can too .	1
what makes you so sure there 's no reward at the end ?	you got a bunch of silver bullets ?	0
luckily the north korean fixer 's side are n't great at encryption .	`` excuse my discourtesy , anjin-san .	0
hey , evan ,	hey , evan .	1
look at me . it 's lou , honey .	back pain ( g3 / 4 : 1 % ) ;	0
relevant legislation directive 69/335 2 .	relevant legislation directive 69 / 335 2 .	1
sticking my ass out .	i 'm setting my ass up .	1
you should go out . try to find yourself a nice woman .	and there are many paths to it .	0
my job was to assassinate the terrorist group 's liaison in hong kong .	i guess you know i used to be a project manager .	0
for a long moment kieli 's eyes saw without him comprehending , then suddenly he realized the birds were circling over kapoma village !	kieli had long watched without understanding what he was seeing , and then it finally came to him that the birds were circling over kapoma !	1
through tricks and threats iraq 's fallen dictatorship largely succeeded in keeping this tragedy under cover .	c _ 2014093en.01001901.xml en official journal of the european union c 93 / 19 action brought on 10 december 2013 - european commission v .	0
plus a meal plan .	plus food .	1
care and prudent medical judgment should be exercised when switching , particularly from long-acting agents such as fluoxetine .	particular care and caution in medical assessment should be taken in particular when switching from long-term drugs such as fluoxetine .	1
if i 'd known what to say to him , i 'd have sent the wereleopards out of the room so we could talk .	this is what i was worried about , christopher .	0
because you beat the shit out of a small indian kid .	because you beat the little indian house .	1
at least for a few hours .	for a couple of hours .	1
i want you to tail bud white .	i need to watch bud white .	1
the second problem is the looks .	the second problem is appearance .	1
she brings the emperor 's sardaukar killers as her bodyguards .	she had brought the emperor 's sardaukar killers as a personal guard .	1
there was an unspoken challenge in her words that dared him to deny that it was so .	there was an unspoken challenge in her words , challenging his refusal to do so .	1
bring the teddy bear ?	did you get a bear ?	1
california children 's services will not allow me to perform the surgery until you 're officially emancipated .	the california child care facility wo n't let me operate until you 're emancipated .	1
murli , take me to the dockyard .	congratulations , mrs. conant , you just won the lottery .	0
how many ways are there to choose the board from the nine people ?	doctor .	0
so what do you know about loopers ? you know what we do ?	so that 's why you know about looper , what are we doing ?	1
lead humanity to the promised land .	rachel , i have never seen a worse little monster than princess voilet tamarang .	0
it was only her dark majesty 's power that held them in check .	`` invitation to tender concerning refunds for the export of barley to third countries - [ regulation ( ec ) no 1058 / 2005 - confidential . ''	0
she supposed some might argue that he managed that only because he was such a stolid , unimaginative , boring sort of person .	one grip of this button and we 're all dead .	0
`` and all this time i 've been hiding out at miss mitzi 's , angry at myself , frustrated and embarrassed .	`` and all the while i hid with miss mitzi , spread out on her own , frustrated and disgraced . ''	1
now , he 'll probably be in the local cafe - sort of orangey light , chairs and tables outside .	so , it 's likely to be in a local cafe ... a bit of orange light , with chairs and poles out there .	1
he resumed his chair at the desk and swiveled it around to face hers .	he sat in his chair behind the desk and turned her into the dayan .	1
i appreciate you being paternal .	i appreciate you being a father .	1
the common costs of eumam rca shall be administered in accordance with decision 2011/871/cfsp .	do n't look at me .	0
i come back with eye trauma .	i came back with a damaged eye .	1
161 however , it must be stated that those grounds for complaint are unfounded .	161 however , it must be pointed out that those objections are unfounded .	1
well , if he 's been reported missing , they 're gon na find out soon .	well , if he 's missing , he 'll find out soon enough .	1
are you staying hydrated ? okay , what about any numbness ,	this one had writhed and coiled in a restless eagerness , gnawing at his temples in his languid search for surface veins to feed on .	0
it 's fine for you to come barging into my school and make a fool out of me ?	and you can make a fool of me at school ?	1
i remember when there was no csu .	i remember when they were n't .	1
get out , all of you !	pregnancy it is recommended to start treatment with myclausen only after the pregnancy test is eliminated .	0
this guy was to my right and his kid was in front of him .	then this is your car .	0
let 's see something feminine something lacy , something frilly , something pretty .	bones ...	0
'i need to take a piss , too . '	`` i need to take a piss . ''	1
everybody has some sort of service for the departed ...	everyone has some kind of service for the deceased .	1
what chance do we have against unrelenting machines ?	what chance do we have against relentless drivers ?	1
well , do n't worry . they 're a great group of kids .	i 'm sorry .	0
what luscious lips , amongst other things .	she was on top of a mountain of about three hundred yards , one of three , located north of la concha bay .	0
he 's a member of the cell .	welcome to the house .	0
a little crack like that .	did you notice the new guy 's all over your ex-wife ?	0
then why are you cold under my touch ?	i 'm not going back without her ! ``	0
well , i guess i thought you ... .	well , i guess ...	1
`` of all sad words of tongue or pen , `` the saddest are these :	so i have to return them quickly .	0
who were you texting -- salon , hair , nails ?	who did you write , beauty salon , hairdresser , nails ?	1
blocks b and c resume normal program .	`` what matters to you , zarathustra !	0
before he carries through with his threat .	before he makes his threat .	1
oh , yes . teddy ...	of course , teddy .	1
after the third time the stars jumped the ship finally realised that it must be blanking out , and that it was time to take some serious decisions .	when the stars migrated for the third time , she finally realized that she had finally collapsed , and that it was time to make some serious decisions .	1
i would n't know the first thing about this .	i do n't know anything about this .	1
mom ! - lucas !	whatever i did , i did for those eyes .	0
therefore , at least three or more dilutions at one time are recommended to be tested .	it is recommended that at least three solutions be analysed at the same time .	1
i 'll wait for you to come home .	no !	0
and the wet bar .	if i had a job , i 'd buy a nice kawasaki 300-pack .	0
could we see them ? him ? her ?	does he look good ?	0
margaret : sorry , sydney !	you 're molly weasley .	0
invalid key .	and that 's why you left your badge at home ?	0
the round has n't started yet .	the game has n't started yet !	1
were you expectlng somebody ?	were you expecting someone ?	1
see , i told you you could handle it .	she must have hidden the plans for the lander .	0
entry properties .	i would n't care .	0
when you start a dream about good things- you should start to worry .	it also protects the general acquis and the technical specifications laid down in the present version of the directive .	0
court proceedings — oral procedure — reopening — conditions ( rules of procedure of the court of justice , art .	judicial proceedings - oral use - language of the case ( rules of procedure of the court of justice , art . 61 )	1
epso/ast/104/10 — nuclear inspection — assistants ( ast 4 )	star date 50893.5 .	0
you ca n't crush a cockroach .	he 's probably going to die anyway , but if there 's one more option , then it 's professor rousseau .	0
and it is just a myth , of course .	if it 's not a myth , of course .	1
she undermined me in front of another officer .	she humiliated me in front of another guard .	1
all he did was to force himself through his work without any feeling of impending success .	now , as i was closer - and my eyes were strangely focused - i could closely examine the face of the little dark-haired man .	0
this board has no further questions .	when i was your age , they said you could become a cop or a criminal .	0
and that is a parking spot ...	we think individually and we trust each other with our thoughts to the team .	0
penalties in the event of the carrier failing to comply with the contract :	now you can continue your duties .	0
northmen scum !	señora scum !	1
hel ... dogs ca n't talk , dear . he did .	so , maybe a couple of these ... is in another name .	0
he 's got a rhythm . slow .	he 's got rhythm .	1
nicely .	nice .	1
actually , music would just throw me off .	no , actually , the music would have thrown me out of my rhythm .	1
hold ...	case c-277 / 00 , germany v commission , cited in footnote 40 .	0
he'il walk again .	he 'll walk again .	1
what the fuck did you just shoot me with ? my greatest invention .	what did you shoot me with ?	1
what 's happening ? !	it 's an honest play , is n't it ? ``	0
and i know you got better things to do .	`` probability points in that direction .	0
'half a day out of the napan isles , the first barrel was broached , by a cook 's helper , on the flagship .	and that 's also tomorrow night .	0
24,00 € ks	but it 's not just a place where the kid does ... i think it belongs to malky .	0
that should have produced a black ring .	this should result in a black circle .	1
you 've read the jules verne novels and mary shelley 's frankenstein , have n't you ?	did you ever read the works of jules vera or frankenstein from mary shelley ?	1
[ a complex combination of hydrocarbons separated from natural gas by processes such as refrigeration or absorption .	what do you think he should believe ?	0
no ! cyril :	the material injury suffered by the community industry can not therefore be attributed to the community industry 's demand. ``	0
raise your head .	and he 's jewish , too , but he 's not a little presumptuous .	0
we 're talking about some unproven allegations .	you 're making a scene , marty !	0
may it please the court , my client pleads not guilty .	then we wait .	0
_redo copy of % d item	_ refresh to copy % d of the item	1
be serious .	because they got me .	0
look at your forehead . are you sure you do n't need me to take you to the hospital ?	you want me to take you to the hospital ?	1
and i did not know where she had gone .	but i did n't know where she was going .	1
i just do n't fit behind a desk , i ... ... i 'm not cut out for it , i feel dry-docked .	i just do n't fit in the office ... ... i 'm not built for it , i feel like a fish to dry .	1
• http : //is.muni.cz/th/78783/fss_m/ | psychologie / psychologie | theses on the same topic	• http : / / is.muni.cz / th / 78783 / fss _ m / | psychologie / psychologie | theses on the same topic	1
we'il do anything to be rich .	the young man held the torch aside and checked to see if the light was flowing from above , but he could only see the darkness .	0
he scrambled it .	it 's just gon na end up with a huge bill for an ambulance .	0
he has n't been back since graduation day .	he has n't appeared here since graduation .	1
i think they work out well just as they are .	oh , sir , she was doing great in those awful days .	0
i would have died if isaacand the others had n't pulled me from the wreckage .	i would have died if isaac and the others did n't save me .	1
i know what you 're trying to do .	non-profit organisations can request financial support from the practices programme	0
young fella , you are ... - ... person i care about most in my life .	`` the truth has a lot of faces , scragger , '' struan said .	0
that mexican girl ?	the mexican ?	1
`` but . . . but . . . '' he managed .	yeah , it 's fremont .	0
would you like some bubbly and ?	i want to buy you a drink , man .	0
she tossed the music stand away and let her weak legs have their way : she literally fell over , face first , onto the soldier .	she dropped the stand and left her limp feet to make what they wanted ; she was literally jumping down on the soldier .	1
hey , you leave my ass out of this one .	hey , my ass is a long way away from her butt .	1
subdivisions 26 to 28 , 29 south of 59°30′n 15 february to 15 may subdivision 32 15 february to 31 may turbot ( psetta maxima )	i do n't wan na get stuck in you , sal .	0
the alliance crashed his accounts when he snuck out his sister .	the alliance confiscated all his connections when he took his sister .	1
happy dreams .	you and me .	0
that 's a pocket of smooth air squatting right over kissimmee .	it 's a pocket of calm air , directly above kissimmee .	1
it 's here , you dropped it at the fire formation luckily i picked it up	he 's here , you dropped out at the forms of fire , but luckily i took it .	1
and i just get a little nervous sometimes because we live in california .	i 'm just a little nervous because i live in california .	1
both : woody .	he could n't even ... look at himself in the mirror .	0
his stomach growled .	his stomach was growling .	1
i 've ruined us !	i have destroyed us .	1
open your eyes ... two goldfinches .	anyway , they invited us to the game and we got in , but i do n't think we were very aware of all the rules .	0
then harold bobbed back up , smiling .	my dear , i do n't think there 's enough time to cut roses .	0
`` well , in these economic times , how can we afford to build this youth center ? ''	`` how can we afford to build a centre for the young at this time ? ''	1
wherever the guard was ( murdered perhaps ) , there was no way he could call for help .	what kind of bad argument ?	0
i do n't know that anything is wrong .	i do n't think there 's anything wrong !	1
her eyes , dazzled from staring into the sun , were blurred and watery .	her eyes were inflamed and full of tears from looking into the sun .	1
there were three blank lines after `` high school '' to list more education .	there were three loose lines after high school ... ... for writing a different education .	1
the doctor that treated your daughter feels differently .	the doctor who treated her does n't think so .	1
but there was nothing left for him to eat .	who are you ?	0
well ... there are some mystical texts i can consult .	well ... there 's definitely mystical texts i can use .	1
why are you here , anyway ?	when my night was over , i thought i needed to clear my head .	0
we worked hard for that money .	is that out of the vehicle ?	0
the bomb missed its target of almost 750 meters	bomb missed target by 700 metres	1
but michael 's opened my eyes so i can be free of your judgment .	but michael has opened my eyes .	1
i do n't see it growinganywhere else , except overthe murdered priest 's marker .	we just got a call from rachel who ross did to her .	0
somethin ' like that	once we go , we lose control of our own house .	0
what a cuckoo dream .	yes , and who knows what would happen if we made love that night .	0
wendy said :	wendy said .	1
she took a folded cloak from off her arm , shook it out and held it for ehlana .	she spread her cloak , which she had folded over her hand and held him to ehlana .	1
not much .	it 's as if every breath is your last .	0
i 'm serious . - stop .	did you find them ?	0
maybe your mind just wants to throw in the towel , ems .	maybe your mind wants to give up , ems .	1
factory out on route 10 .	factory number 10 .	1
regional law no 17/1992 26 .	now that traversi is dead , you 'll be the editor-in-chief of yours .	0
along time ago , foxes with 9 tails called the 'goomiho ' lived in the deepest parts of the mountains .	once upon a time , they lived in the deepest areas of the mountains of a nine-tailed fox known as ' gumiho ' .	1
i will see that you pay for this insult ! ''	i 'll make sure you pay for the insult ! '	1
i , uh , just joined . yes .	come with me .	0
so where do you work out ?	please , just go .	0
i want out .	lene , would you like to earn 50 bucks after school ?	0
i know he 's coming here .	dipper , do you want to have a toothbrushes race ?	0
padre .	father ?	1
a kind man .	no , i do n't ...	0
she 's at my sisters ' , but does n't like being there .	she 's with my sister , but she does n't like it .	1
which puts him inside the house as well as outside , dumping the nanny 's body .	yo , boy , you ready to get that shit out of here ?	0
no , i think we 'll pass .	no , i think i 'll skip it .	1
yeah , but stacy strauss is stealing my vacuum bit !	yeah , but stacy strauss is stealing my phone number .	1
or charles . sorry .	or charles .	1
you made up all the bullshit rules .	and there will be barley in the southern fields ... ... and eat the first strawberries with whipped cream .	0
if you wanted to , you could .	i forgot my medication at home , and i feel kind of weird .	0
and yet always i am followed .	everyone wanted to be with her , they felt good with her .	0
no , no , not right now ,	but the north is better .	0
wow . you know , i 've never thought of it that way before , but you 're right .	i never thought about it that way , but you 're right .	1
i 'm thinking about it ,	i 'm thinking about it .	1
he was no good at anything else .	he could n't do anything else .	1
apart from little sufia they all seemed so tense , their movements sharp , their eyes frightened .	not mine either .	0
he demands hostages from the following families as a token of goodwill .	we have chicken .	0
mrs summerhayes screamed with amusement .	mrs summerhayes squealed with laughter .	1
the “ wisdom of our ancestors ” fallacy has often been invoked in debates over same-sex marriage .	a mistake called `` the wisdom of our ancestors '' is often mentioned in debates about same-sex marriages .	1
and what brings you to this nape of the woods ?	come on , clarkie .	0
what 's on my schedule for tomorrow ?	we 'll talk about it at the police station .	0
do you have the vape pen that i bought you ?	you got the hiccup i bought you ?	1
these objects are falling into the ocean in tightly packed clusters ... ... 10 miles outside of a major population centre .	these unknown objects fall into the sea in the same groupings ten miles from densely populated places .	1
i ca n't ask you to do anything that might hurt you in any way .	i ca n't ask you to be hurt .	1
now , we each take one endof the handkerchief .	we 'll each take one end of the handkerchief .	1
do you want to leave me ? .	what are your plans ? ``	0
polynom , 5th degree	the fifth grade polynomic	1
i used to like you .	he found the key , unlocked the lock and put it aside .	0
you 're not going to make any trouble , are you ?	you do n't want to be in trouble , do you ?	1
peter marlowe squatted down beside the coconut stump and found the two tailor-made cigarettes in his pocket .	send postcard - mont blanc , l'aiguille du midi	0
one for each of the first five sabbaths of their wedded life .	i think we still do n't know what we have .	0
not the whole story , meesha .	it 's not all , misha .	1
when she reaches the warlord 's palace , she will not offer him forgiveness .	when he reaches the general 's palace , he will not offer him forgiveness ... ... the monk .	1
i want my parents , howard and penny camp .	axl , meet my parents , howard and penny campo .	1
agent francis will coordinate surveillance .	when i think about it , it 's not just one or two things .	0
with quint it meant he followed orders blindly and did as he was told , no matter how repugnant and without morality those orders might be .	`` what should i do ? '' i demanded .	0
changing shortcut failed .	keyboard shortcut failed .	1
why grant me such a prize if you had no intention of discussing peace ?	why would you give me such valuables if you did n't intend to make peace ?	1
let 's buy a vibrator now .	that we changed their daughter 's opinion .	0
never walk out on family , sam .	never leave your family , sam .	1
but the thought is one thing , the deed another , and the idea of the deed still another .	i 'm sick of you , you fucking moron !	0
did n't you have piano lessons growing up ?	i 'm really --	0
i 'll answer that for you . you were n't thinking .	it also provides a detailed analysis of trends and concrete management in the most important countries using this instrument .	0
this is your post .	you have a minute before i turn on the meter .	0
_remove backup file on close	close _ remove backup file	1
what are you telling me for ?	let 's start with erotic massage , and ...	0
that guy took my life , wade .	hey , jp , how 's business ?	0
no one is touching your budget . huh .	nobody was reaching for your budget .	1
i fell in love with those eccentricities , you know ?	we worked hard .	0
our research leads me to believe ... ... that due to his internal political situation , nagi hassan ... ... planned jaffa 's abduction .	no , i 'm coming with you .	0
the officers were satisfied .	she ca n't do it .	0
`` the viler you are , the better it gets . ''	`` the more shameful you are , the better . ''	1
they said , `` gas up a stretch , go to 285 prospect park west . ''	they said , `` fill her up and go to 285 prospect park west . ''	1
fearfully , unwillingly , he looked down to see what stranger would peer up at him .	reluctantly , he looked down fearfully down to examine the stranger who was going to show up .	1
`` this ought to take care of it , '' the doctor said .	`` that should be enough , '' said the doctor .	1
the most that can be established is that products similar in quantity and type have been exported .	it is possible that the export of goods in a similar quantity and of a similar nature can be demonstrated .	1
it is , generally , an aqueous or alcoholic solution .	then , as soon as it happened with beth at the hospital , i saw dawn .	0
hey , what 's the matter with you ?	and i could have continued my life as if i 'd never delivered him .	0
god , how did we even get this far ?	how did we get that far ?	1
|| ensure secure rights to land , property , and other assets could include land tenure , infrastructure , financial inclusion and seasonality of income	which can be a beauty without dying and dying ?	0
i mean , i 'm breaking , like , eight federal statutes being here with you right now .	it 's not what we hoped .	0
no more hiding who i wan na be	the end of hiding who i want to be	1
i have two million . do i hear two five ?	i have 2 million .	1
he found the lines of the rectangle that tereza had drawn with her heel between the two apple trees .	he found the four lines of a rectangle between two apple trees , where teresa put on her heel a couple of days ago .	1
throw that one back . it 's too small .	where i come from .	0
and you would be mistaken .	he could hurt her , even if she had the same symptoms as you .	0
all right . everybody go back to your cells and remember the first we know about this is when the alarm goes off .	you all return to your cells , and remember , you knew nothing about it until the alarm went off .	1
well , i guess i have a show to do .	one more .	0
you were n't mean , no .	you did n't mean it .	1
( 100 % lettrer of intent )	( 100 % recommending letter )	1
i do n't likeyour hair .	altered course .	0
this is nuts .	this is silly .	1
something to drink perhaps ? .	we were just filming a movie .	0
just had him on the phone for a while pretending to be his own girlfriend and still not getting anywhere .	i had him on the phone for a while when he pretended to be his girlfriend . and he 's still not getting anywhere .	1
so , i 'm gon na write my clowny-ass name on this fat-ass check for you . ''	stop .	0
well , i just thought that after last night my leaving has nothing to do with last night .	the divisional headquarters .	0
oh , come on , honey !	come on , baby .	1
everything worked to our advantage .	we have come to liberate your country of jews and bolsheviks .	0
i could stay aboard a few days till you get used to things .	i can stay on board for a few days .	1
treated meworse than my hong kong tailor .	he treated me worse than my tailor made it out of hong kong .	1
oh , yeah . they did n't write anything .	son , whatever information you have from iraq , i do n't think this house is what you think .	0
you must be clear with him or he may misunderstand you .	i want you to party , just like last night .	0
unfortunately , this is n't my first mother-son roo.o .	i think i 'm gon na freak out , like a wild cat .	0
i had to go through one of your competitors . i hope you do n't mind . i wanted it to be a surprise .	it seems dethklok has embarked on a study of comedy	0
people wanted clear rules on the honouring of guarantees and on liability and the rapid settlement of compensation claims .	clear rules concerning the granting of guarantees and guarantees and the swift application of compensation claims are desirable .	1
he staged the accident . oh , yeah .	and at our atomic age , only moral values ... help humans to survive .	0
some of the data 's missing for last night .	and some of the data from caffrey 's ankle on last night was gone .	1
do n't let your wicket fall .	do n't let the gate fall .	1
i could n't tell you . ok .	i really ca n't tell you .	1
i have still never been married . and i still deserve a beautiful dress .	i 've never been married .	1
do it .	the door burst open , and amos and martin fell inside .	0
corpsman ! '' he added , not knowing what it was that army troops said .	you see ?	0
suddenly in the mood to go dancing ?	are you really in the mood for dancing ?	1
i mean , you do n't want to live here forever , right ?	you 're not going to live here forever , are you ?	1
they wo n't tell me anything -- nothing important .	`` you go fishing with your dad again , '' that 's what she told us then .	0
my guess is he 's giving a more private performance to one of his biggest fans right about now .	we ca n't decide if it 's a thin or thick crust .	0
call bowed his head , and realized that tears were dropping from his eyes .	he lowered his head , then realized that there were tears streaming from his eyes .	1
did you run this address ?	he 's good enough if i pay him once a year , every day , the first autumn day .	0
lewisham read no more .	he did not read lewisham .	1
he does n't want a sloe gin fizz .	no , we wo n't !	0
he looked down at the corpse again .	he lowered his gaze to the corpse .	1
relax your hand .	they wrote that a bucket had been stolen on tuesday	0
what was that ? i believe the manheim effect is becoming more pronounced .	do you really have nuclear detonators in your case ?	0
he 's quite ... perturbed you 're still living here .	he 's kind of ... concerned that you live still here .	1
those tests are culturally biased .	no -- the diagnosian confirmed her death .	0
oh ! i know .	maximum value of a free pass pass from the wheel area of the port / wing rail port : 943 mm .	0
edwards got his sergeants together and they started exploring the maps .	and it helps ?	0
such issues were also being considered at the simplification experts group .	these issues were also addressed by a range of experts for simplification .	1
down or i 'll pull the trigger !	and when did moyer have time for a deal essentially with anyone ?	0
she needed some sign that thomas would not become irritated if she once again brought up her illness .	the weight of the registered baggage shall be rounded to the nearest 0,5 kg .	0
it 's saxon . he 's still out there .	i think it 's improving .	0
yes , i do .	yes , it 's true .	1
how 'd the lunch with hicks go ? ''	what was the lunch with hicks ? ``	1
yeah , we 're all gon na fly .	come on , tanya !	0
your mamas are not here to take care of you now .	film disc	0
run for your life , kid .	fight for your life , boy .	1
even down here sand stung the eyes and gritted the teeth .	even here , at sea , the sand burned in his eyes , and he crinkled between his teeth .	1
jeffrey : you guys laughing at ari ?	are you laughing at ari ?	1
hey , you wan na give me a ride to school or am i gon na have to buy another bike ?	would you put me in school or should i buy a bike ?	1
he is peculiar .	strange .	1
tugging his ring from his finger , he placed it on the square of clingor .	i want you !	0
oh , you know i 'm not .	you know you do n't .	1
the boy looked down at the paper flattened under his arm and hugged it even closer to him , as if he were afraid it might squirm away .	the boy looked at the paper in his armpits and squeezed them tightly , as if afraid to twist himself .	1
he did n't tell you ?	is this toilet paper from your passion business ?	0
that it can awaken the spirit so strongly in a human - - that you get almost supernatural powers ?	i guess they 're halfway to manchester now .	0
drop it where he does his business ... ... where he takes his meetings and makes his calls , right ?	leave him where he does his business , where he 's got meetings and where he 's on the phone , okay ?	1
heboric swung to him .	heboric turned to him .	1
they held her as they did each other , tucked her up with their warmth , for the sky was clouding and the wind was chill .	they pressed against it , watering it with its warmth , for the sky was clouding , and the wind was cold .	1
maxine , it 's time to wake up .	he wants to offer you something on television .	0
the door opened and amos walked in with martin and trevor hud .	i could be married and have a four-year-old .	0
no , we 're with the f.b.i .	because we 're going back !	0
hey , what 's that ?	so i want to tell you , have a great concert .	0
come on , big guy .	come on , you 're a big boy .	1
a piece combining the power of the knight , queen and serpent .	a figure combining the power of a rider , ladies and a snake .	1
pretty tragic circumstances .	i think those fangs .	0
it did not therefore confine its appraisal to whether the failure to disclose the disputed documents had had an impact on the content of the final decision .	if i were hoping for mr. elton , then the fact that you opened my eyes would be a nice service .	0
`` soo fools foo , '' `` foo sues soo . ''	soo makes fun of foo ( soo-hee foo ) , foo sues sooa ( foo sues soo ) .	1
just stay calm !	it 's broken .	0
he peered out of the window .	he looked out the window .	1
one thing you should learn early in this life :	woody .	0
that how they do it ?	send postcard portland - rose city	0
it 's the i.v.i.g .	it was immunoglobulin !	1
the ventilation system does n't seem ... ... to be pulling the smoke through .	the ventilation system ca n't take all the smoke .	1
once an officer 's name was on the captain 's list , his eventual flag rank was guaranteed .	and as soon as the name of the officer was on the list appointed captain , he had a promotion to the flag rank guaranteed .	1
first leak was baylor , second one has got to be her , too .	the first escape is baylor , the other must also be her .	1
i 'd hate for there to be more .	did you get my paper ?	0
the darling girl spends the entire day asleep .	the cute girl sleeps all day .	1
we barely ever use this place .	we rarely use this place .	1
something in a bag .	something to pack .	1
|| commission regulation ( ec ) no 2724/2000 ( oj l 320 , 18.12.2000 , p .	| | commission regulation ( ec ) no 2724 / 2000 ( oj l 320 , 18.12.2000 , p .	1
despite his pain senta felt relieved .	is that the phone call you got out of the house before you made pancakes ?	0
look , we need to talk about alternatives here .	come on .	0
he wore a baggy cardigan and he was talking on a wireless phone .	we missed you .	0
round and round like a hamster in a cage !	i 'm spinning like a hamster in a cage .	1
what worried her the most was the possibility that the belarusian mafia may have had a hand in the affair .	| reference to the legislation	0
he fucked up .	that 's fucked up .	1
so how 's the chow , ladies ?	it 's been a couple of years for a missile defense system ...	0
and i 'm gon na do whatever i can to get him back .	and i 'll do anything to get him back .	1
what , am i a headshrinker ?	do i look like an idiot ?	0
could you please take him out of here ?	please get him out of here .	1
it 's jude ...	you really had no idea what he was doing here ?	0
`` we should be deep enough into the forest to avoid being noticed—unless the malloreans intend to take this search of theirs seriously . ''	if you stop them two yards before , they 'll have two tries and eight , instead of two and six .	0
because we have to fake being smart and superior , even though we do n't feel it in here .	because we have to pretend that we 're smart and kind , even though we do n't feel it here .	1
plastic column with screwed-on end caps , provided with a mark up to which the required quantity of stationary phase can be filled 5.3.2 .	the drill is over .	0
no , it 's ... look , nobody does an onscreen death like anthony eds .	the courier had the expensive leather briefcase with the queen of the windsors ' crest on both sides .	0
`` bauxite excavation in its new guinea mine .	you need her .	0
`` in-flight magazines ?	just between us , when the da needed help with his nanny 's papers , that guy agreed to help him .	0
all right ? do you know that birds are the direct descendants of dinosaurs ? they used to have teeth and shit .	the city also plays its part .	0
i 'm bender .	we 're bender .	1
i guess the mom had died when she was giving birth and could n't take care of the brood .	their mom probably died in childbirth , and there was no one to take care of them .	1
i 've got to go look .	so , for their own good , go away .	0
everyone wondered where he got his inspiration for his work .	everyone cares where he took inspiration for his works .	1
so you 've done this trip before ? s ?	so you 've ever done that trip before ?	1
cause if she does n't shut up , i 'll kill her . delivering good will to yet another continent .	because if she does n't shut up , i 'll kill her .	1
dudley , will you see me to my carriage ?	despite this lure , he remained faithful to the czech jawam , `` demonstrating his knowledge of vojtěch stanish , who is also a racer .	0
and abed 's not the crazy one for obsessing about it .	and abed 's not crazy because he 's obsessed .	1
right , but if they 're close to another gate ... then they would have contacted us by now .	sure , but if they 're near another gate ...	1
farewell , coz .	`` 31n .	0
you were right we were home .	you 're right . we 're home .	1
well , they had a computer at the joint , and i did n't have nothing	well , they had a computer , and i had nothing .	1
for real .	he stood for eight years and looked in the mirror in the morning and thought :	0
`` i 'll get it together . ''	`` i 'll fix it . ''	1
who are very eco-friendly .	they 're very eco-friendly .	1
ah , it is supposed to be a penance . it 's not a reward .	unit number .	0
in half an hour they were back at the crossroads , the ships planted , all of them out of the ships .	in half an hour they were back at the intersection , the ship anchored and everyone out .	1
yeah , you need to call her back .	yes , you have to call her .	1
if my men tried to cross those hills , theyd be killed by both sides .	if my men had tried crossing those hills , they would have thrown both sides on them .	1
and i left .	and i drove away .	1
no . you should commit a felony .	then commit a crime .	1
the only thing we can do is barter .	the only thing we can do is negotiate .	1
but we can still hear her heels !	how can we still hear heels ?	1
after coming up through the cahuenga pass he went west on the ventura freeway and then north again on the san diego freeway .	i have nowhere else to take her .	0
c'mon , grandma , tell us .	canada , for instance .	0
take it for us both .	maybe tomorrow we 'll find a way .	0
these swallows have travelled 1,500 miles since they left nigeria .	until you know where milena was , this makes no sense .	0
tell you what .	and a snack .	0
lend him your voice .	lend him yours .	1
we ca n't just show up and steal all his food .	you too .	0
'the killer could be anybody ...	`` anyone could be a killer . ''	1
you have discharged your duties honourably .	it should be pointed out that the previous application reports had an important role in the legislative process concerning directive 2008 / 6 / ec .	0
according to witnesses on that fateful day , the princess sauntered leisurely out of the palace .	of course , she hears , according to some witnesses on that fateful day , the princess simply passed by and walked out of the palace .	1
this is by giving them as to who comes from where .	that 's because they care about where who comes from .	1
they can arouse the attention of prospective customers and direct them to certain ends by means of the chosen advertising strategy .	stop this nonsense and help me with this shit .	0
working on it now .	article 3 ( 1 ) of the property law provides the following :	0
but , you know , they came around . and , yeah , they were proud .	and yes , they were proud .	1
we do n't have the resources .	in this office , i 'm going to grow old and die here ? ``	0
a few bonds , some savings in the bank . ”	you wan na take the money you do n't want to get married and disappear with mike in venezuela ?	0
try to sleep .	you can sleep .	1
`` spread out , dammit !	`` scatter , damn it !	1
but given the scene at your house ...	this drug had apparently no effect on septic fever , but stroud was dying , examining different combinations .	0
we 'll move up these two roads .	we 'll move on to those two roads and search that village .	1
`` same old reporters , same old columnists- ''	we 're going on a tour of the city , are n't we ?	0
it is believed that the robbers are militant left-wing extremists .	there is a presumption that the perpetrators who have been ambushed by three banks belong to the militant left-wing extremists .	1
shiva naik tore up the case report .	the countess sat there and greeted him with a smile .	0
clearly grant knows who 's behind the mask .	the grant seemed to know who hid behind the mask .	1
eures can no longer operate in its current form .	eures can no longer function .	1
`` even assuming that statement to be true , i fail to see precisely how my relationship with captain harrington concerns you , admiral . ''	`` even assuming your claim is true , it eludes me the way my relationship with captain harrington is concerning you , admiral . ''	1
i can not answer , though i can voice the suspicion that ever grows in me .	i ca n't exactly answer that , but i can tell you the suspicion that is growing in me .	1
oh , did i ?	oh , really ?	1
we are at war with insurrectionists , terrorists who would like nothing more than to see all of us dead .	if he lived here at jellystone park , he would have a bear costume and a picnic basket .	0
customizing rhythmbox music player	rhythmbox music player setup	1
process with pid % 1 ! u ! was forcibly terminated .	program ( pid % 1 ! u ! ) has been canceled .	1
what ? look , other people have their own style of parenting .	i 'm just trying to relieve the tension .	0
the other gladiators were old campaigners , most of them , long accustomed to the ways of the game .	the other gladiators were old veterans , long accustomed to how it goes in games .	1
something about bean made these kids think of ender wiggin .	this whole thing is remarkable .	0
miss darcy 's praise occupied the chief of it .	the main content was miss darcy 's praise .	1
i 'm talking to my mom about blue man group .	i 'm talking to my mom about the concert .	1
i need the truck .	we need that truck .	1
i 'm sorry , femi-sisters , but it pooped out around 3:00 a.m .	i 'm sorry , femisisters , but he 's cleared by 3 : 00 a.m .	1
i do n't need a babysitter , and why does your boss want to see you now ?	you want to go hungry ?	0
well , that 's exactly the kind of attitude we 're fighting ,	and i apologize for mort and maura and for him .	0
find a better one .	find something better .	1
what about old boyfriends ?	( c ) it shall , where appropriate , control the aquaculture animals in quarantine units .	0
so , what can i help you with , detective ?	you 're not going to do anything stupid , are you ?	0
keith , can we get a couple of beers ?	i brought a guest .	0
`` after the cold war , `` mr. diebold worked covert operations `` for the cia , tracking rogue soviet agents .	i was wondering if i could ask you a few questions .	0
who wants to get dinner later ?	do you want to go to dinner ?	1
`` 'it 's begun , ' he said .	`` it 's begun .	1
`` how are travis and katie ? '' they 're awful .	they caught a rogue .	0
greetings from the humungus !	greetings from the commander !	1
he 's hiding	he 's hiding out there .	1
no , stabbing 's just a bad way to go .	what judge would give this ?	0
oh , to hell with tennessee .	he seems to have a new nickname for kendrick .	0
... as a youngster labeled mentally ill because of the underlying cigarette habit , constant disturbance , constant disturbance .	apparently these things are capable of shooting every identity they 've ever taken on them , not just one .	0
so ... anyway , could we go now ?	harry broke his promise	0
but-but , mom , i did n't know that .	yes , but i did n't know about it , mom .	1
pregnancy it is recommended that myclausen therapy should not be initiated until a negative pregnancy test has been obtained .	moreover , russia is seeking to build a relationship of `` asymmetric interdependence . ''	0
last i saw he was wandering around the main cabin , acting like he owned the boat and playing with that little knife of his .	`` the subject will be housed as close as possible to you , where you will be able to observe him regularly , '' ras thavas decided .	0
i can tell you it 's not a meteor .	i can say for sure it 's not a meteor .	1
you 're gon na need one . 'cause we found the wigs that you dumped after the robbery .	you 'll need him , 'cause we found the wigs you got rid of after the robbery .	1
ca n't a woman get a night 's sleep alone ?	first part text as a whole without the words `` adaptability ''	0
so what 's it like being married to a genius ?	merlot 's bar .	0
i really do n't like you .	i have a problem with disappointment .	0
but if it 's anything like the ice that 's been around g.d ...	my fate lies here .	0
it all worked out .	drop the gun !	0
( exploding ) -how to build a bond car on a budget .	it should be noted that the new service structure may have a greater effect on the structure of salaries in departments than initially assumed .	0
and what 's it going to do to the satire and the spoof ?	i 'm just fat .	0
on the contrary , it was increasing .	on the contrary , the pain escalated .	1
it 's perverted . all right . let 's see it .	let 's see .	1
but today ? ...	he could have explained it to him , but he did n't .	0
i know , but he 's in france :	yes , but he 's in france .	1
you take him to a petting zoo , and you shoo away the goats .	today is mine !	0
but i ca n't imagine it was easy keeping it this way .	i ca n't imagine it was so easy to keep up .	1
i 'm telling you , girl , you 'd love daft punk . `` get lucky . '' oh , you 're kidding me !	what a great guy i am and how great it is with me :	0
there 's safety in the solitude of this silver-lined launch jetting to the deeps of the distant unknown ...	in the solitude of this silvery ship , the far-flung depths of the unknown , are safe ...	1
sending of the message was cancelled	sending message canceled	1
we fix it , and move on to markinson .	she smiled reassuringly .	0
did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with every flush ?	did you tell her about the wonderful ride that 's going to take off the toilet flush ?	1
now i dug into some of the logs that the ntsb gathered from key star , and i noticed something strange .	we climbed through some of the notebooks received by the ntsb from key star and i noticed something strange .	1
uh , sometimes she goes outside to smoke when the kid 's line is off the ice .	uh , sometimes he goes for a smoke when he 's not on ice .	1
prying , snooping , or just plain pumping ?	assessment of the questions of the policies it is common ground that the new uniform regulation would bring coherence and clarity to the whole eu feed industry .	0
tell him what else is possible , abe .	whittier ca n't be a new captain next year .	0
i give it back to you .	you know , eric , maybe our young lady would like to see our kingdom .	0
please call me on monday . bye .	please call on monday .	1
i 've got all the information written down .	they shall specify the obligations of the entities ( pattern , deadline , information to be provided ) .	0
arion bank intends to make up for this by means of issuing covered bonds on the domestic market .	arion bank intends to offset this by issuing covered bonds domestically .	1
`` you seem to be clean , old son , '' said deane 's disembodied voice .	stay downstairs .	0
you need to check yourself .	if you could cover my immediate expenses , i could end this mission. ``	0
he 's after you . mr. potter .	he 's coming for you , mr. potter .	1
can we shoot him now , sarge ? shut up !	shall we shoot him , sergeant ?	1
they 're feasting on crabs and shrimp .	they were worthy of crab and shrimp .	1
his little legs were no bigger around than rolls of cookie dough .	get out , you animal !	0
i thought that ... ... it was ... ... best , especially for her .	i thought ... ... that 's what 's best for her .	1
do i have what ?	now i 'll be as honest as you can , mr. anderson .	0
and yes , we 'll be near the , uh in-n-out .	i did it yesterday .	0
i 'd heard he had taken it hard , drinking .	do n't you see what 's out there ?	0
according to dr kieran , there is support for a settlement in all three countries .	you may sit down	0
i was george 's lover and before that his superior before i retired .	i 've always wanted one	0
what did you say ? ”	what did you say ? ``	1
if i get murdered one more time , i 'll scream .	if he murders me once more , i 'm gon na scream !	1
i can ’ t allow that until i ’ ve sent somebody to speak to your father . ”	i ca n't accept such a thing until i send someone to your father to deal with him. ``	1
we have to fight a number of separate but connected battles against different systemic enemies to keep them from overwhelming his natural defenses .	we have to fight a series of individual but connected systemically adverse factors not to win over its natural defences .	1
if you click no you can still perform tasks with your files on this device .	then , the client pays an output charge that gradually falls to zero at the time of the fund 's closure .	0
a suit for use in the bloodstream of a warm-blooded animal must be cooled . ''	doctor , listen to me .	0
green berets were sheep-dipped .	it 's done in green berets .	1
each sang his own tune in opposition to the rest . ''	each of them sang his own tune , which was in contrast to the others. ``	1
i told the counselor i 'd like to discuss - - how to go about it .	barefoot measures a maximum of half a metre and has an elongated horse face , which takes nearly half of the body 's height .	0
# pretends he 's fellini and antonioni	he 's pretending to be fellini and antonioni .	1
this ai n't over !	it 's not over yet !	1
in the library , part of the furniture had been rearranged .	there was furniture reconstructed in the library .	1
i am sick of standing in front of the judges .	it 's weird .	0
look , you saw her arm .	you saw her hand .	1
“ i do n't know how much he gets , and they do n't pay if we 're dead .	teabing laughed .	0
a big white door stood there , solid and patient , flanked by two tall , skinny windows .	a large white door loomed over the stairs , solid and as if with a patient expression , with tall , gaunt windows on both sides .	1
if you start calling me `` young grasshopper , '' i 'm quitting .	if he calls me `` young mare , '' i quit .	1
upon due consideration of the problem and careful examination of all possible options , my original recommendation stands .	he cut these women alive .	0
why does everyone use first names so much , like they all work in marketing ?	those are tsi'mri. ``	0
we have severed all ties .	we have interrupted all contacts .	1
heavy-weight paste 6	he removed the ring from his hand and placed it on a square of clingor .	0
no motorbikes .	no bikers .	1
that 'll drive the germans crazy .	can you hear me , ray ?	0
how am i supposed to stop the end of the world ?	translation ? fried rice noodles in an egg roll .	0
3 ( c ) 3 .	( c ) ( adapted ) 3 .	1
but this is the one place i belong in the entire world ...	but for me it 's the only place in the world ...	1
we will always go out dancing . -what ? !	he does n't have to say shit .	0
and maybe in shock a little from the car rolling over .	and maybe a little bit in shock about how the car rolled .	1
this man lost a daughter once and now he seeks to claim you ...	weirdo !	0
ok , this is not good , this ...	erm , ok , this is bad , that ...	1
agreed ?	do you agree ? ``	1
and it 's not a poem .	the inscription , initially distinct as a red flame , can barely be read and hidden until the flame recovers it .	0
you 'll never make the guild , not if i have anything to do with it . you understand ?	you 'll never get into the guild if i do n't do something about it , you know ?	1
oh , dear . oh , dear .	oh , my god .	1
the problem is , it 's gon na cost fifty smackers . $ 50 for a union card ?	in fact , he had felt tense ever since he had seen kyle leaving at bucharest at the airport .	0
nobody keeps in touch anymore .	no one 's in contact anymore .	1
ray knowles watched him for a moment and then started walking along the shoulder toward the slumberland motel .	ray followed him for a moment , then headed toward the slumberland motel along the roadside .	1
what we 've got ta decide is how to invest it .	we have to decide how we invest them .	1
there are big gaps in time where he just disappears in the network .	`` a recovery request must be lodged within six months of the end of the calendar year in which the refund claim was granted . ''	0
do you wan na share ?	forward , my mighty stepson .	0
no one outside the field can hear us .	no one , off the field , can hear us .	1
is today young mi 's turn to check the papers ?	it catches the nearest passer-by lost in control	0
uh , how old did you say you were again ?	uh , how many times did he say you were ?	1
his life , his work and all the events after he went to the insurance office to raise money on your policy .	the last time i saw him was running down the main deck , acting as though the ship belonged to him , playing with his knife .	0
sheldon ... sheldon ?	sheldon .	1
the trilling ceo clutched him as if they were fraternity brothers , when in fact they 'd met two hours earlier .	the director clutched him , as if they were friends of the school , though they had actually met two hours ago .	1
what solace comes to creatures lost in time ?	most women lived through the middle of the second trimester .	0
why are you doing all these chores ?	it 's him !	0
but there was nothing she could do that was n't dangerous .	i 'm just for boredom ending thousands of years of my father 's blood lines and men .	0
tas 's words came to him again .	i feel like there 's more clay on that menu than in the kitchen .	0
look , miss , in a moment of trauma , the mind can play tricks .	really , really , i 'd really like to go out with you right now , but my friends and i are investigating something .	0
first , who said you 're right ?	who says you 're right ?	1
surely one of you must 've told him .	someone must have told him .	1
at least a part of me gets to live on .	maybe if we know about your history , it can help us avoid the same fate .	0
moreover , the bundesverfassungsgericht might declare that that law is invalid and inapplicable only with future effect .	in addition , the bundesverfassungsgericht would point out that it is invalid only for the future .	1
no . i 've been trying .	i tried .	1
why would she wantto leave the island and riskgetting sick again ?	here , it 's okay .	0
`` infirmity ? '' the older man hissed through bared teeth .	`` weakness ? '' the old man hissed between his teeth .	1
`` we are endlessly grateful to the priest of the dark god , '' belgarath thanked him , bowing .	`` we are eternally grateful to the priest of the dark god , '' belgarath said with another deep bow .	1
as an ape , he had no doubts whatsoever about his eyes and believed them all the time .	mike , it 's coming down !	0
it was n't locked , fortunately .	i have a rather peculiar experience list .	0
a little recognition for her good deeds .	how do i decide what to do when i 'm big ?	0
this'il get you to cape cod .	i 'll take you to cape cod for this .	1
she knew my name . see ?	i have it , i have it !	0
since , unlike the king , you hold the church in high esteem .	which we will support when the time comes , for , unlike the king , you have a great respect for the church .	1
you did n't notice different clothes ?	did n't you notice she was wearing another dress ?	1
oh , son .	my son !	1
leaped at his eye .	do n't take things personally .	0
bring the nut teachers up to the salary level of their rivals in the national association of schoolmasters in the grammar schools .	the plan is to get teachers in general education schools at the same salary level that rivals have , professors , in grammar schools .	1
anson 's big horse stood up straight , pawing the air , and came down with a crash .	come on .	0
added the jew , unlocking a drawer with a shaking hand ;	`` they ca n't .	0
very good .	very good . thank you .	1
it 's a natural part of our maturation .	it 's a natural part of our rigging .	1
strong and wrong , just like always .	i had no problem going against you two .	0
please . come .	no , my real dream is to cancel your stupid show .	0
you , me , and our nubian brother over here , our fates are intertwined .	you , me and our nubian brother over there .	1
his car 's outside .	where do you work ?	0
you can go to hell .	does that surprise you ?	0
`` your job will be easier if you think of me as a criminal . ''	what do you mean ?	0
i shall therefore examine this complaint from the aspect of the principle of personal responsibility and begin by recalling the nature and scope of such liability .	therefore , i will examine this claim in respect of the principle of personal responsibility and the introductory wording of its nature and scope .	1
oh , i coaxed you out eventually ... with a strawberry tart . i 'm very fond of strawberries .	well , i finally lured you out ... for a strawberry tart .	1
can you never , ever , succeed at anything ? !	they call it the robomans .	0
tommy 's not so bad after all .	tommy 's not that bad .	1
applications for community funding are to comply with the rules set out in commission regulation ( ec ) no 391/2007 ( 3 ) .	sign here , here and here .	0
( sighs ) i 'll be right here ifyou need me .	i 'll be right here if you need me .	1
oh , hello . -hi .	good evening .	1
he 's working with the fbi team .	do n't try to kiss her in an eerie moment .	0
daddy . andy has a tick and it 's real big .	daddy , andy 's got a tick !	1
'not hard , either , ' he said .	`` it was n't hard , '' he said .	1
`` one for your side , '' zakath said .	`` one point for you , '' zakath observed .	1
it 's digesting the blood .	it absorbs the blood .	1
you would not know it , since you are untutored in science , but the sound and fumes are merely the exhaust of my alcohol engine .	i had a brother , andy .	0
a diamond like this only shines when someone wears it .	duncan read only a few paragraphs and then he could figure out the rest .	0
please go with us	it is usually for the resolution of consumers to address consumers `` complaints in the country of a financial services provider .	0
`` and cried to my god . and he heard my voice ... ''	`` and to my god i called , i heard my voice ... ''	1
another memory occurred to him , a childhood memory .	eleven-year-old billie copeland was last seen in the playground yesterday at 5 : 30 p.m .	0
“ i ’ ll finish the mango if you tell me the news now , ” may-may said .	`` i 'll finish my mango when you tell me the news right now , '' may-may decided .	1
other uniregional units have their centre of predominant economic interest in the region where they are located .	how long will the penalty be ?	0
well , i never got your car stolen .	this is lazlo gogolaka 's main account in the cayman islands .	0
will membership in the world trade organization do more harm or good ?	would it hurt or would it be more likely to benefit us from membership in the world trade organization ?	1
maybe they got in your brain and you shat 'em out .	maybe they got in your head and you shut them out .	1
we 're not going to win this round , but we can land a few punches .	he closed his eyes more tightly , but someone shook him .	0
they 're here , lying and waiting like snakes in the grass .	they 're here and they 're waiting , like the snakes in the rafters .	1
and you , you sad-looking motherfucker .	'looks like you 're clean , son , 'said dean 's abrasive voice .	0
you do n't want him down there seeing how other people live .	you do n't want him to see others live .	1
as he listened , tom began to realize ... that these were n't stories routinely told .	the reply of the republic of ireland in the letter of 25 april 2005 could not dispel the commission 's doubts .	0
me . you 're going to steal me . you have stolen me .	or you already stole me .	1
hey , when the devil shows up , you think he 's gon na have little red horns and carry a pitchfork ?	hey , if the devil comes up , do you think he 'll have red horns and he 'll stick to it ?	1
follow him .	millions have watched her swim through the curtain of dreams in hot shot as she grabs her heart .	0
they aim to capture very `` objectively '' ... aspects of the so-called jewish folk character .	he is seeking to truly capture the character of the so-called jewish people .	1
there are two kinds of people in this svijeetu , mr franks .	i do n't remember , man .	0
it 's -- it 's small , red , and it tastes like burnt onions ! ha ! but it 'll get rid of your blood clot .	will you come for coffee with me ?	0
it also safeguards the general acquis and the technical specifications established under the current cpd .	the dog growled - again in his head - close behind him .	0
no . i 'm blessed is what i am .	maybe he belongs to someone he knows .	0
i sought there long for thráin son of thrór after he was lost .	no , mom , it 's okay .	0
however , dried split leguminous vegetables , broken soya beans or broken oil seeds and oleaginous fruits are not used for sprouting purposes .	however , the dried dried legumes , crushed soybeans , or crushed oily seeds and oily fruits are not used for the purpose of incantation .	1
i ca n't wait . so , uh , what 's the plan ?	agent francis will follow the follow-up .	0
but i do n't get to choose who should live and who should die .	but i do n't decide who dies and who lives .	1
get back in there .	invalid string	0
`` cries and whispers '' did extremely well and ingmar bergman was very pleased .	`` he 's the one who saved my skin last night .	0
i have to go to london and close the deal .	buster 's apprenticeship turned out to be more strenuous than michael expected .	0
just go home to angela .	go home .	1
i would like to take this time to propose a toast .	you want us to guard the road with the marshes ?	0
you are welcome , baby girl .	you 're welcome , little one .	1
who would cross the bridge of death must answer me these questions three ... ere the other side he see .	whoever heads over the death bridge must give an answer to questions three before the other shore sees it .	1
we 're willing to help you .	did you think this would help ?	0
what 's with the lockdown ?	what 's wrong with the lock ?	1
kayla had already started rejecting the liver .	share your mistakes , and know that if you are patient , you will be forgiven .	0
`` um das gebrau wohl auszuhecken . '' and breathe in the mixture from the vat .	`` um das gebrau wohl auszuhecken . ''	1
i have other people bringing us something living to sacrifice .	i have another thing that 's going to bring us something to sacrifice .	1
there 's got to be 40 of them .	`` of course , commodore , are you sure you 've met these strange objects in your long time in space ? ''	0
we 've got plenty still .	we 've still got him .	1
in effect , powering an empire that truly benefits only the elite at the top of the pyramid .	here 's my number . call me after the concert .	0
i lied again . i have epilepsy .	i say japosko was created by a handful of brave , fighters willing to give up their lives for what has become a forgotten word ...	0
most writers do not support writing multisession cds in dao mode .	most of the burner does not support multisession cd writing in dao mode .	1
martin , you must promise to use the medicine only to treat your poor .	but , martin , promise me you 'll only use the cure for your poor .	1
if he could do that , it would be at least a step toward figuring out what all this meant to them .	you 've changed .	0
`` whoresons ; men do n't steal women and leave them for the rats ! ''	men do n't steal women and leave them alone ! ``	1
“ it is an honor to have you as a guest at my humble abode . ”	the blood inside gives each key to control of all power over lilith .	0
manufacture of the others engine transportatin devices	that 's not a typical m.o . for a gang shootout , and that 's not all .	0
any , uh , final witnesses ?	run !	0
still makes me sick to think that trayvis is working for the empire .	i 'm still sick of the idea that trayvis works for the empire .	1
i ca n't just introduce some crazy , drunk american into the narrative	`` hood 's tired feet ! ''	0
if it 's any comfort , we 're not on the best of terms anymore .	the siblings will be in first place , even if you want your old life back .	0
would you come to my office ?	mr. winger , would you come by my office ?	1
you know a lot is on the line today .	you know there 's a lot at stake today .	1
so this is the problem , how to get me inside of this really cramped place .	so there 's a problem getting me into this cramped space .	1
you were strong enough to do that .	you 've had enough power .	1
which leaves us with my theory ... our victim was dabbling with black magic , and she conjured up a demon .	| | security of land rights , property rights and other property rights it may involve land , infrastructure , financial inclusion and seasonality .	0
you know why i am called lotus ?	i meant money laundering , you donkey !	0
she swiped in and out within 5 minutes .	she was not here for more than five minutes .	1
recommend koksijde baden - beach webcam	you 're a fucking virgin , taylor !	0
union-level training should be available to law enforcement officers of all ranks .	training and training at eu level should be available to law enforcement officers of all rank and levels .	1
words were numbers were codes were formulae .	do n't be afraid .	0
best test scores in the east bay , actually .	in fact , they have the best results in east bay .	1
call him back !	bring him back .	1
all roads end in mompós .	the port of mompós all roads end at mompole .	1
ét 's yours if you want it .	do you want to know why ? ``	0
in the last five years the worldwide honeybee population has just been decimated .	and above all , you ruined us !	0
then we go back and get fletcher .	let 's go back for fletcher .	1
i forget , it 's either a colon or a line .	i 'm still waiting for my sources from moscow .	0
hindu women come to the tree to worship ... and to pray for the blessing of a son .	if i could ... reach out and touch her half-bed ... i 'd know it was cold .	0
you 're all sleeping when you get that look on you .	so i went to make her a favorite pet feed for cats , courry 's feeding .	0
did i mention that the children are fans of cream cakes ?	did i mention that kids like whipped cream cake ?	1
you very . very . extremely stupid boy .	take it easy .	0
it 's the only way i could be sure you 'd get on the bus .	it 's the only way i 'll make sure you boarded the bus .	1
'back to him again ? '	* the news that byerley was probably a robot had spread across the city a week before byerley was officially nominated .	0
these people do not work ?	okay , impress .	0
no . you do n't bonk amanda becker .	amanda becker is not just fucking .	1
that one 's ... that 's old sixty-six , they 've never got it properly balanced .	jim evers , reality evers and evers .	0
if the mariner 's willing to go , why not us ?	| | 21 813 information campaign	0
we 've done it . i would do it if i could get in there .	i 'd give it if i went in there .	1
while it is true that a state of war technically exists between us , recent hostilities have been few and mostly accidental .	the water was running through the cracks in a frenzy .	0
sighing , he settled down opposite her , removing his shoulder pack and drawing food from it .	and if you play good cards , maybe he 'll lend it to you in the meantime .	0
i mean , you could be kingpin in a columbian drug cartel for all i know .	you could be a major drug dealer in a colombian drug cartel or what i know .	1
you know , you might as well take care of that lawn in the meantime .	in the meantime , you should take care of the lawn .	1
it 's him , innit ?	is that him ?	1
dude , you going to jenny 's saturday night ?	hey , you going to jenny 's house on saturday ?	1
he said , `` i 've now proven that this is true '' .	they only asked permission to move away .	0
an angel ? i 'm your mom .	however , the application of this particular condition must be notified to the commission in advance ( jax / * 07d ) .	0
i need to take my showers super hot just to feel it .	i have to shower really hot to feel something .	1
set our course for the book of omens .	set a course for the oracle book .	1
if only you 'd been a little faster .	only if it were a little early .	1
again , the evaluation was dependent on the quality of data and setting of objectives by the member states .	in this case , the evaluation of the quality of the data and the determination of the objectives by the member states has been assessed .	1
come over here , you son of a ...	beaton sneered : `` no way , '' she said .	0
i 'm sure mr. sullivan will be interested in our progress .	i 'm sure mr. sullivan is interested in our methods .	1
lead the men to the far side of the island !	they 'll just sell it to someone else .	0
offer some good advice . you are n't cheap in that way ?	just give us some advice , or are you cheap for this ?	1
i 'm giving you a shot at a cool result ... better yet , a chance to prove other doctors idiotic .	come on , fran !	0
that 's why they 're here .	i said , are you kidding about our town ?	0
i did n't open them..	the old windows are unsolicited , and there are frequent cracks in them .	0
i was quick on the draw .	this time i drew fast !	1
with a face like this and like biceps ,	with such a face and such biceps	1
then , over millions of years , evolution took its course .	but he 's still a young man , and none of his lovers has yet advised .	0
but harry ’ s already missed history of magic and i do n't think he ought to miss anything else today ! '	but harry had left out the magic of magic , and i do n't think he should have missed anything today ! ``	1
after dinner , grace .	what did i say ?	0
i believe in demons and worms ... vile shit in the grease trap of the universe .	all right , you know the deal , baby .	0
i 've been looking for communication between the kids . around the time of lila 's death .	there may be casualties .	0
nicely on temperature .	the right temperature .	1
the interlocking plant ( runway signalling device , track circuits , etc . )	i 'm sorry . i ca n't help it .	0
you invaded our country and killed our people	you invaded our country .	1
sylva roháčková , still teaching in gmk , asked her two volleyball players to try something else .	he infiltrated security forces for years .	0
i knew you 'd wan na see where the body was , so i drew her for you .	i screamed at him in my despair	0
you know what ? that 's a lie .	you should have a receipt or a plaque .	0
well , she knows when to look away .	well , she knows when i 'm not looking .	1
i 'll just hit back to the lab straighten this thing out once and for all .	i guess i 'll have to go back to the lab and fix this thing once and for all .	1
whatever used to live here , we woke it up .	i do n't want anything more for canamar than you .	0
well , now ...	he was sick of it , but , after all , he was very relieved because no part of him seemed to be enjoying it .	0
dr. deacon . you need to look at that .	it 's just that they 're ... they 're mostly in the hip , and this one looks like it 's at the end of your brain cortex .	0
sorry , shawn , but we have business to handle at home .	you want to bend what you see ?	0
we should have left earlier .	yeah , we should have come earlier .	1
is everyday life really so exciting , are schools and offices so thrilling , that i ’ m the only one who ever fantasized about this ?	is it really everyday life so exciting ? schools and work are so amazing that i 'm the only one who dreamed of doing something like that ?	1
yeah , i 'm not a murderer or anything ...	i want you to be involved .	0
music would be okay , now , and a crowd .	the music would be nice now - and then the crowd .	1
she 's got a wide sex life in the los angeles area .	what are you looking at me for ?	0
'is anything wrong , comrade ? '	`` is something wrong , comrade ? ''	1
married , no children .	it 's a nice fireplace , is n't it ?	0
but , uh , you 're all right .	but you 're fine .	1
this does not make you a bad mother to admit these things .	`` do you speak russian ? ''	0
in that era , niall parollan had been her contact with central worlds brain and brawn ship administration at regulus base .	at the time , niall parollan was her liaison with the brain of the central worlds and the board of human services at the regulus base .	1
i 've said it before .	i 've said it once .	1
identification all doors leading to emergency exits or cross-passages ( see 4.2.2.6 . ) are to be uniquely defined and marked on both sides .	identification all doors leading to escape routes or connections ( see clause 4.2.2.6 . ) shall be clearly defined and marked on both sides .	1
computer helpline , love .	computer auxiliary line , my love .	1
'warburton ...	`` warburton ...	1
but if it 's a germ ... ... it 's the biggest son of a bitch you 've ever seen .	but if it 's a disease , it 's the biggest bitch i 've ever seen .	1
that 's the kind of thing you read when you 're waiting in a dentist 's office .	if i ever felt so alone ... ... if you knew how it is ... ... depressing .	0
this is all the more worrying when vulnerable consumers , i.e . children , are targeted .	she did n't even bother to film my head .	0
no , silly , that 's my name .	no , trucker , that 's my name .	1
did he look distressed ?	did he look desperate ?	1
just because you 're on the parents board and i 'm the principal 's wife ...	just because you 're in the school board , and i 'm the principal 's wife ...	1
sorry , ma'am . please do n't mind .	i 'm sorry , ma'am .	1
the blood inside gives whoever possesses the key total power over lilith .	giorgio 's with him .	0
dead people are more reliable than alive people . ( dr .	the dead can be trusted more than the living .	1
so this is a hattori hanzo sword .	the security office requires the fertilizer dealers to keep a record of all major purchases .	0
no reason not to .	it looks like you called him at the moment , when he tells me everything he knows , i 'll kill him right away .	0
remarkable , is n't it ... ... how quickly the venom of the basilisk penetrates the body ?	it 's amazing how quickly the basilica poison ... penetrates the body .	1
zawoja-czatoża — oravská polhora ( ** )	zawoja-cobraża - oravská polhora ( * * )	1
moreover , another concern relating to the fight against corruption is the potential amendments of the procedural code , currently being discussed within the parliament .	another concern related to the fight against corruption concerns any changes to the civil justice system now being debated in parliament .	1
i need help . - i 'll stay .	do n't think , work !	0
alma river	alma	1
why did n't that come out in court ?	why did n't he call it in court ?	1
you might say that i was the original golden warrior .	in fact , i was the original golden warrior .	1
amid his training and dieting and other problems , caramon had never lost sight of his real goal .	`` i lived a simple life , so do n't expect much goodness .	0
sequence for information item	most people call him leo , but they also hear about lee .	0
state funding of eur 100,000 has been provided .	the review is funded by state resources of eur 100 000 .	1
clld strategies should not be seen as islands .	the kvmr strategy should not be considered isolated .	1
hot young guy , aging beauty enjoying her last hurrah	i got this from carson daley , for god 's sake .	0
bart , you have n't touched your mashed potatoes .	baenre was on the offer of mez'barris , knowing that her birth would be very vulnerable if they did n't come to mithril hall .	0
i got it , all right ?	i 'll do it , okay ?	1
yeah , you like that nog .	fletcher was not only thinking of desertion now , that would be to prepare for far too much .	0
maybe i push you out the airlock and tell them you never said a word .	look , tell your father i 'll be back , but he does n't have to wait for me .	0
props , you in a cheerleader outfit , a third party involved , not necessarily a lady .	maybe you dress up as a cheerleader , invite a third person , and i do n't mean just a lady .	1
come on , you can tell me that much .	especially when it comes to music .	0
yeah . more like i 'm studying their reaction to a specific deadly virus .	i was more likely to study their responses to one deadly virus .	1
do you know how insulting that is ?	do you know what an insult is ?	1
this car is so powerful we could take the gate with us .	i only have a few days before they figure it out .	0
to ensure it correctly matches the event instances for comparison , you must define an event key .	no .	0
no , it 's a good quote . i 'm happy we both know it .	i 'm glad we both know him .	1
you have no idea what you are giving up , what you are stealing from mankind .	you have no idea what you give away what you are flagging for the human race .	1
i 'd like that on facebook .	i 'll have that on facebook .	1
`` like the rising and setting of the stars ?	`` like when do they come out and set up the stars ?	1
i drew up some new stuff for the offense .	i sketched out a new thing for an attack .	1
dr. curt connors .	despite the pain , he felt relief .	0
zhaan , this would have been a really good opportunity or lie to me . you know ?	zhaan , this could be a great opportunity to lie to me , you know ?	1
oh , sure . just let the faceless marauding corporate monsters of america destroy everything beautiful about this town .	they just keep america 's anonymous self-destructive societies destroying everything beautiful in this city .	1
what the heck am i thinking tonight ?	oh , my god . what am i thinking tonight ?	1
who else would have had the opportunity , a random intruder ?	and that woman is being deported for lying .	0
oddfyield function	the paper money does n't talk to you ... ... as much as gold over six-inch steel .	0
or the woman who changes the flowers at our desert house .	sam is begging for his afternoon latte .	0
yeah , that 's a boat . oh wow ...	yes , it 's a ship .	1
shading his eyes , he saw the mouths of many caves cut into the cliff where the split in the sandstone petered out .	he eclipsed his eyes , and in the places where the seaside was fading , he saw the entrances to many caves dug into the rock .	1
that was my call .	that was my order .	1
do you get to pick your number ?	now you see the vest under the microscope .	0
close your eyes and you can recall what happened that night .	when i close my eyes , i remember what happened that night .	1
they 're fattening us up so they can eat us !	speaking of hollering , i have to tell you	0
it ... it was too late to knock , so i ...	sweet dreams .	0
i mean , it 's not the new york times or anything , but anyway-	it 's not a new york times or anything .	1
there 's this singer who used to headline at my granddad 's club --	there 's a singer who was the principal number in the grandfather 's club ,	1
in this context , a determined shift toward markedly higher and more inclusive global growth is far from guaranteed .	i 'll put it in your archives . the man 's obsessed .	0
sarge , hold right here .	we 're in hell !	0
yes , i want all the names printed out .	i can quite imagine how now newt 's picture is drying up in the sun together with the taste of my cigar .	0
i 'm fixing the car with the hasidic guy .	the plastic bag is composed of layers of nylon , aluminium foil and sealed layers of a copolymer of polyethylene and polymethacrylic acids .	0
i 've had a lot of practice .	i had plenty of opportunities to practice it .	1
theres someone upstairs .	chopper 2-2 is right behind him with four on board , no details , sir .	0
'that 's good , ' she said .	two shots rang out before he reached the door .	0
also , nothing takes your mind off your stomach quite like an autopsy .	and nothing will distract you from your stomach as an autopsy .	1
`` it 's an imperfect universe , and people will insist on being people , warts and all , no matter what we do .	hideo oguni akira kurosava	0
thank you . - 240 meters .	240 yards .	1
if you 're not dangerous in the can , you fall victim .	if you 're not dangerous here , you'il be a victim .	1
just bring them by the house tomorrow .	54 in that regard , it must be pointed out that such a complaint was not raised in the first instance .	0
for a moment he just sat there behind the wheel , hands gripping it loosely , and i felt a return of my unease .	arnie sat behind the wheel for a moment , his hands held loosely , and i could feel my restlessness returning .	1
`` 'every bottle matured for up to seven minutes ' , '' quoted colon .	that 's why the cavalry .	0
you never gave me the opportunity to defend myself .	the tape where he 's done it with johnny gage is still out there , and she does n't know who has it .	0
`` pa ! '' lurvy cried , rattling at the curtain of her father 's private .	`` daddy ! '' said lurvy , breaking a curtain that separated her father 's privacy in the ship .	1
then he released her and stood back with an answering smile .	i 'll look around the church this afternoon and i 'll look into the chapel .	0
common sole union waters of ii and iv uk sol/7hjk .	no say hello today ?	0
maybe we can meet after work .	`` the peeps guard one squadron of light cruisers , and they know it .	0
mm , normally .	i ca n't use public toilets .	0
comics are for kids !	did i say something like that ?	0
`` did they give a name to their own world , this world that seems to preoccupy them entirely ? '' asked dors .	`` does he have a name for his own world when he 's completely preoccupied ? '' asked dors .	1
how long 's he been in there , son ?	he walked to the spectacular french windows and stared into the splendour of the summer garden .	0
as fate would have it , mr nixon died that day so mr kuchma and i dined alone .	selection of the previous fit	0
he looked away to the west .	he looked westward .	1
please , can we not hire any more actresses , no matter how much waiting experience they have .	we can no longer receive any actresses , please no matter how much they have as serving experience .	1
i like the steering .	i like driving .	1
but , i mean , still ...	but still ...	1
hands in the air , folks . do n't look back .	hands over your head and do n't look back .	1
i follow map .	you put the map , i run the map .	1
well , we 'd better go right through the book , had n't we ?	but that does n't suit me in the valuation of my cat tom .	0
and we ended up at a huge mass rally . but people did n't really look like they were having a very good time .	member states may limit the scope of this choice and lay down detailed rules for the application of this option. ``	0
you taping me , bitch ? - you taping me ?	are you recording me , you son of a bitch ?	1
okay , look , just e-mail me your top five .	okay , e-mail me five of the best .	1
it 's only his outside ; a man can be honest in any sort of skin .	one can have any skin and yet be honest .	1
and can you imagine ever not wanting to be with her ?	and can you imagine sometimes you do n't want to be with her ?	1
change that . like 100 bucks .	they froze my shoelaces .	0
leaving the bridge , dennis went up the road a couple of hundred yards and then turned into the woods .	it was just a big fucking game on monopoly , really .	0
do you understand ?	what comfort can they hope for a creature lost in time ?	0
once you call it in , the people who show up will be with the office of medical investigations .	well , here 's how the canadians look .	0
'and the experimental sections ? ''	i think so .	0
forgive me , don francisco . those positions are already taken .	22 this assessment is not contested by the united kingdom in the provisions of the eec-turkey agreement and the additional protocol .	0
we go forward with our left .	we 'll take the left forward .	1
would n't ever go back , though .	and yet i 'd never go back .	1
len stepped back and said , `` that 'll teach you to- ''	len resigned and said , `` this wo n't teach you - ''	1
you have n't dated just one guy in a long time .	you did n't really date for a long time .	1
you got last names ?	the xpath path returns an empty value .	0
ooh , it 's gon na be just a little difficult .	that 's going to be a little hard .	1
carter ? you talked to jo about where she 's going after here ?	carter , did you talk to jo ?	1
you will confess and you will die .	when they reached the next intersection , sparhawk felt a familiar dedication to his neck .	0
you ever been fucked by a knife ?	has anyone ever done you with a knife ?	1
ma 'am , this is police dispatch .	kendall stopped .	0
all right . everybody , i 've got the bowl .	but we were n't in it .	0
okay . you , pieter ?	what about you , pieter ?	1
listening to you .	do you want to proceed without any possibility of going back ?	0
ii – legislative framework a – european union law 3 .	ii - legal context a - eu law 3 .	1
she pointed me here .	she pointed .	1
somebody help us .	in miami , i took a picture at the beginning of september with a photo of jake louis .	0
i 'm from an average family . - as average as ours ?	what does it mean to explore ?	0
the frenzy of death that was severalhundred yards away could not deter life .	the frenzy of death a few dozen metres away could not prevent the arrival of a new life .	1
this is ' an order emergency special .	look .	0
and just wait till it 's over . ma , it 's not world war ii . yeah , it 's the falkland islands .	mom , it 's not world war ii , it 's just the falklands .	1
42 million in adjusted dollars .	lots of things in a lot of places .	0
yeah ! so , that button says start , but that could be a trick .	she took the kitchen knife and stabbed the young man a few times .	0
he wanted now to give her passion and tenderness , and he could not .	nice piano .	0
they 're people .	the whispers and screams were great , which pleased bergman .	0
thank you . and i 'd like to add that your work has been a little sloppy .	and i 'd like to add that your job is a little sloppy .	1
you want to borrow it ?	you want to try ?	1
it was his idea that the post-1983 story was false and was a code which enabled them to recognize each other .	it was his idea that the stories after 1983 were fake and that it was a code that enabled the agents to meet each other .	1
it wo n't change anýthing .	i should n't be right .	0
boss , the anonymous call made to director vance came from a burn phone .	it 's you !	0
it was n't until half an hour ago that i realized this is what i was wearing in my flash-forward .	you 've really never been to a campsite before ?	0
i checked the subspace bandwidths .	i checked the subspace zone .	1
you little insignificant clerk .	gentlemen .	0
hey , z .	hello , z .	1
united 175 , traffic is your 9 o'clock in five miles .	united 175 , plane at 9pm , 5 miles .	1
well , in that case i 'll ask mrs. carmody where she keeps it .	in that case , i 'll ask mrs. carmody .	1
one more word and i 'll step out	one more word and i 'll leave .	1
electric fee 5 dollars ¡ªgas fee 5 dollars ¡ªyes	`` the big guy 's doing it , '' webster said .	0
now can you do it like a working class person ?	hey , some people are n't good at keeping secrets , some in keeping money .	0
i hate that i failed you .	i hate to disappoint you .	1
you just do not know - she 's sick .	you 'll lose ten points !	0
orlando ? my given name is orlando . but i changed it to brad .	is it unusual for me to regret something ?	0
use a big spoon to skim the layer off , and set this layer aside .	grab a large spoon , grab the layer and put the layer aside .	1
`` are you all right ? ''	the measurements shall be performed after the performance values are stable for three minutes .	0
whew , lot of options . yeah .	a lot of options .	1
yeah , that 's okay .	it 's okay .	1
he 's like an even more handsome bill gates .	he 's like bill gates .	1
can you ring the room again ?	`` mother of a letter icon found dead , suspected of suicide ... ''	0
the son of a bitch would throw it away if he knew i had that .	loosen the rope	0
we 're just here to get information ... so do n't blow your cover .	we 're just here to get some information , so do n't reveal your cover .	1
needed below ?	t i n r e	0
`` i did n't mean that the way it sounded , '' she said hurriedly , realizing her previous words had n't been exactly gracious .	i did n't think it looked like that , `` she said quickly , realizing that her previous words were not subtle .	1
it 's either that or stand out in the freezing cold all night . okay .	and i would like to face all of these problems at all costs .	0
`` arrest mr. thorn .	the fight began and ended so quickly that the neimoidian did n't even think about escape .	0
to do this one last job ...	i do n't .	0
they say the seal people have it .	here 's a photo from the wedding where the a.d.a . gives a shot with his buddy callaghan .	0
is there any pepper here ?	do you have any pepper ?	1
me , only me ...	what about taking my share ?	0
why have you got your clothes on ?	a decision may be taken that there will be no tender in the context of a specific tendering procedure .	0
the governance of the foundation has been improved in the past years most importantly with the creation of the monitoring board .	there 's a long way to go from that feeling ... ... and real manslaughter , do n't you think ?	0
if you elect for me to deal with it , there 's no appeal .	to be sure it had nothing to do with it .	0
whoever answers will be better than the people on that phone .	whoever lifts it will be better than people on your phone .	1
margaret : can people ... die ?	can a man ... die ?	1
sometime before june 23 , but i never knew the exact date , so i could n't find the transcript .	but i never found the exact date so i could n't get a copy .	1
he fell off here , damn !	lupin !	0
nobody will like it ...	nobody 's gon na like this .	1
orders efag trade mark company gmbh & co. kg to pay the costs .	`` think , for god 's sake ! a conflict of interest .	0
then -- in just a half an hour or so -- hugh and i will be off ! '' it was getting on 12:30 a.m .	things change .	0
`` there you have it , mother superior .	`` that 's the problem , mother superior .	1
because if it is about the thing , then i just need more time to think .	why are you telling me this ?	0
here comes the cavalry charge. ! -	here comes the cavalry charge !	1
( 2 ) all relevant corrigenda up until 31/12/2004 have also been adopted , unless otherwise indicated .	unless otherwise specified , all relevant corrections until 31 december 2004 have also been adopted .	1
i know ... ''	i know ... i know ! ``	1
the thanes glanced at each other , nodding approvingly , though one muttered that it was too late .	blake did n't answer , and reacher pushed back the chair .	0
and you wo n't send me away ?	but ... where does this money come from ?	0
green has to open up the books , has to show how he got the financing .	green has to access the ledger , he has to show where he got the money from .	1
you think they 'll invite us to lunch and hand over their playbook ?	do you think they 'll invite us to lunch and give us their tactics ?	1
i will keep him in play ... until you get there .	i 'll let him play ... before you get there .	1
perhaps we 'll have to trek to circe 's cave and demand she pays for it .	we 'll make him a night he 'll never forget .	0
you offer me your madness as if it held real value ! ''	you offer me your delusions , as if it were something ... valuable ! '	1
you make me laugh , you know that ?	free of charge .	0
yeah , what ? we left in a hurry .	we were in a hurry .	1
it is also vital that control operations are coordinated between the competent bodies in all member states where wine-sector controls have been split up between several competent bodies .	the coordination of control activities between competent authorities in all member states where control in the wine sector is carried out by multiple authorities is also very important .	1
all right . that 's it . you think you 're smarter than us ?	all right , that 's enough ... you think you 're smarter than us .	1
oh , dr. lee , this is commander ...	no , that seems premature .	0
– the simplification of formalities governing the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts or tribunals and of arbitration awards . ’	- simplification of formalities subject to mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments and arbitration. ``	1
now , blast this guy 's teeth out .	now break your fucking teeth out !	1
in the dim moonlight there seemed some engraving on it .	in the dim moonlight , runes appeared on its surface .	1
come on , stop stalling .	stop it .	1
can i help you ?	what can i do for you ?	1
i did it yesterday when you asked me .	it 's tough when the birdie leaves the nest .	0
did n't say , alright ?	they did n't , okay ?	1
11 the first thing arthur dent had to do , he realised resignedly , was to get himself a life .	chapter 11 the first thing arthur dent had to do was make sure he had a life .	1
why take so many ? he 's a loony !	after all , i preferred a leech in front of him last night .	0
good physical shape , he noted , twenty-six or -seven .	good physical condition , he noted , twenty-six or twenty-seven years old .	1
they were very attuned into its location .	you know what 's good ... we 're for the dragon country .	0
he was going to take her someplace .	text string representing null	0
sir , you 'll have to sign this form here .	you 're in my spot !	0
the obligations of operators are specified , e.g . forms , deadlines , information to be supplied .	i do n't even get to the upper levels .	0
so , i choose ... m .	50 the commission therefore considers that the voting rules set out in article 205 ec , which are self-regulatory , do not apply in the present case .	0
when i first met this one here she was a rag and bone and hank of hair .	when we first met her she was just a bone and skin with her hair like a bath .	1
you know , i really appreciate you helping out with the boys , wayne .	oh , monsieur archer !	0
i do n't know where she scrapes them off the bottom of her shoe .	way to go , tyrell .	0
`` i am told that in spite of the dangers you began to use the new ships commercially more than a year ago .	`` according to my information , you have begun to use new ships for commercial purposes more than a year ago .	1
`` tully exploded in anger .	tully exploded angrily .	1
the embarrassment .	commander , you can either assist or defend this investigation , but if you choose the other one , we might then focus on you .	0
plus , they 're a lot of fun . they 're theater people .	plus it 's going to be a lot of fun , they 're the guys from the theater .	1
so . . .where were we ?	instead , marissa gave marissa the number of her husband 's secretary , and she accepted that judith would be aware of the matter .	0
hey , hey , hey . - put the guns on the table !	the gods should not have kept us so tight , ruvis .	0
and you will again , because he is n't really dead .	and you 'll talk to him again because he 's not really dead .	1
i did n't realize you were playing with yourself .	tell the chef my thanks .	0
she 's a hare .	it 's a rabbit .	1
kevin , you wanted to help . now 's your chance .	have n't you got somewhere ?	0
hi , who was that ?	my family appreciates success .	0
no problem , tannier .	no problem , tanner .	1
lot of good memories here .	a lot of nice memories are tied to this place .	1
this can have an impact on industry as currently there is no eu-wide definition and no harmonisation of the enforcement of controls on intangible technology .	this may have some impact on the industry , since it is currently not defined at eu level or harmonised the enforcement of control of intangible technologies .	1
children ! come on in !	but you proved that the old way still works .	0
but when he threatened to resign , they gave it to him .	it was n't what you said about those teachers .	0
my dearest hobbit , friend of friends ... ... '' after that , '' if the ring goes into the fire , and we are at hand ?	hobbit my dearest , dear friend , `` farther , '' if we get the ring into the fire and we 'll be alive ?	1
oh , it took me forever to get the colors right on this one , rainbow dash , but i did it .	`` a hypnotrant order preventing answers to such questions .	0
laura . i saw her .	i saw her , paul .	1
change clothes and switch cars .	that 's the man .	0
you think he 's a saint because of the way he looks .	keep talking , i 'm listening .	0
your premium in the situation could be a lot higher than in the term life policy so it could be maybe it is five thousand dollars .	in this situation , your premiums could be much higher than term life insurance premiums , maybe $ 5,000 .	1
nathan ... have you heard a word i 've said ?	nathan ... did you ever hear what i said ?	1
walk on , boy .	not now .	0
accreditation type press is also valid for all supporting programmes .	that 's a very expensive joke .	0
this is designed to distinguish more clearly between the two core tasks of olaf , the independent investigative function and the policy function .	ii - the legal context , the facts and the question referred for a preliminary ruling a - applicable provisions 4 .	0
in the interest of clarity , directive 86/613/eec should be replaced by this directive .	asuka , you said it 's been 14 years , but nothing 's changed besides the eye patch .	0
what did you think was gon na happen ?	what did you expect to happen ?	1
be lively , now .	be alive now .	1
you 've withheld clues and information ... ... that made it impossible for us to guess who did it .	you hid the clues and the information , so it was n't possible to guess who did it .	1
we'il come after him in the winter .	we 'll come back for him in winter .	1
`` you know the dreams i mean .	you know what dreams i mean .	1
that will be all , ms. rushman .	no , it 's going to be all , miss rushman .	1
but they believe it 's possible-and desirable-to have a universe without any toe at all : without a final equation , a unifying pattern .	there were more girls where he kept me , i believe they still live .	0
murrow 's been a communist sympathizer since the 1930 's .	hey , rick ...	0
all i have is a clue as to how i might set about it , and that 's where you come in . '	all i know is just a clue as to how i could do it , and that 's the thing in which i need your advice. ``	1
the skinwalker has the answers , so we need to find her before ...	the shifter has the answers , so we have to find her before ...	1
fell out of a window reaching for a bottle of whisky .	he fell out the window when he was trying to get a whiskey bottle .	1
`` you got no idea	you have no idea .	1
there is something i want you to know ...	i want you to know something .	1
and then there were those confirming e-mails .	and then they started dating confirming e-mails .	1
he coughed , hawking something onto a lacy handkerchief .	he coughed and spat into a tissue .	1
the socksv5 proxy requires an authentication method that is not supported by glib .	socksv5 proxy does not support glib .	1
appropriate pictograms will also be placed internally adjacent to the wheelchair space or to the priority seat .	update content within	0
listen , you 're a perfectly fine toilet .	hey , you 're a perfectly fit toilet .	1
`` d '' section over here .	section d over here .	1
right ? they start up again two days ago .	the un / ece has created a task force aiming at minimum noise levels of noise-free vehicles .	0
the next day a nurse pushed a wheelchair into alicia 's room .	the other day , a nurse brought a wheelchair to alice 's room in which ruth was huddled , exhausted by the painkillers .	1
put it through on speakers .	put it on speaker .	1
the above is the dialogue during a game of dragon poker .	on top of that , there 's a call at a game of dragon poker .	1
man : oi , you !	i have to talk to you .	0
mommy ? is he gon na get better ?	will he be better ?	1
amber , same old vote .	amber , i vote the same way .	1
please give it up for mckinley 's very own ... marley rose .	no , i arrived two minutes before you .	0
peter mentioned to me that you 're an avid cnbc watcher . but he did n't say whether you had any actual wall street experience .	peter has mentioned to me that you 're eager to watch cnbc , but he has n't said if you 've ever worked on wall street .	1
i think sam is driving me crazy , wilding about like a feral cat .	slanted eyes .	0
duty-free goods service will be closing shortly .	the duty-free zone will soon be closed .	1
i hope he 's got it together now .	i hope he got out of it .	1
a two-wheel trip up the mountain would have been difficult , wildly dangerous , a nerve-twisting bit of motocross .	going up here on a double-parked vehicle was a challenging , rather dangerous and nerve-racking motocross .	1
the organizers aim was to present the importance of scientific inventions and changes that their use had brought about in everyday life .	you 'll need backup , sir !	0
no . in fact , local p.d . were the ones who initially informed the families .	the national court should , in my view , take into account the following aspects .	0
get the fuck out of here . $ 2 million .	so it all started .	0
'we are talking about wuffles , are we ? ' said william .	`` we 're talking about hafal , are n't we ? ''	1
you just ruined a surprise party in my honor and forgot my birthday in one phone call .	it 's louis .	0
if you harm that boy , i wiii teii everyone .	if you hurt this boy , i 'll tell everyone .	1
thanks for comin ' -	wait here .	0
and then i hand the bouquet to ...	and then i 'll pass the bouquet ...	1
it looks an investigação police .	it seems like a police interrogation .	1
we have to hunt them down , we must save her .	we have to save her !	1
oh , anytime ...	it was not an easy task for the englishman , their loyal enemy , but he was now in control of both languages and the ability of disguise .	0
'do they look worried ? ' he asked .	`` do they look startled ? '' he asked .	1
what 's with the stupid questions ?	the stricken family always holds together .	0
this game will be easy for me	the minutes of these meetings shall be made available to the public .	0
the money was mine ...	`` and experimental parts ? ''	0
the parade comes to town going down broadway	but since i got sick , i have n't played .	0
dirty traitors !	i 'll come to you .	0
but she loves you , mike .	but he adores you , mike .	1
i came here to check on your son , not to be questioned .	i came to check on your son , not answering questions .	1
but the initiative can not fulfill its great promise as long as it stays within the brussels bureaucracy .	`` i guess we 'll have to work on the other stocks , '' orb told him .	0
i 've only three charges .	i ca n't . i only have three shots .	1
he went forward and was surprised to see that one of his anchors had dragged somewhat .	he stepped forward and was surprised to see one anchor moved a little .	1
you like it ? - yes !	do you like it ?	1
i 've got to tell that manwich line to andrew when he comes over .	i have to tell andrew when he gets here .	1
these geeks obviously do n't know good merchandise when they see it .	these freaks clearly do n't recognize good stuff , even if they have it in front of them .	1
so , if you just put down 'anyone who enjoys relations with relations should come for a drink and a chat after work . '	so if you can write `` anyone who likes a relationship with a relative , he should have a drink and talk after work . ''	1
the way penny loves you . ( chuckles )	me and graziella have streets .	0
you guys , from a straepblg strategic standpoint , let 's take their food and go .	but you 're not a muslim .	0
if you know so much , just pick him up .	if you know so much , why do n't you pick him up ?	1
counsel is drawing a conclusion for the witness .	i ca n't compete with you in ships .	0
but today whoever holds the latest stark weapons rules these lands	but today ... whoever has the latest stark weapons ... ... controls these lands .	1
year after that , they rescheduled the intramural season to coincide with tax season .	since that year , he 's relegated the start of the prison baseball season so as to cover the tax season .	1
`` specialist '' ? `` she '' ?	i see it in your eyes , i see it when you sleep , i see it all the time .	0
yes , i know !	you got a little mixed up with harry potter and the klingon thing .	0
the -the -the nail 's speed !	speed of the nail !	1
i 'll come overto you .	by the time i knew her , she did n't call her .	0
they 'll check the river . they 'll check the sewer .	i do n't know if you want to , but i have an old spacesuit in my car to impress the ladies .	0
maybe we could just climb over .	maybe we should just go over it .	1
though the unpleasantness of the dream lingered , nestor soon fell asleep again .	the horror of the dream eased somewhat , and the elders fell asleep again , hard and undreamed this time .	1
women snoop because it works , okay ?	the women are snooping because it works , okay ?	1
and no one cared .	oh , god .	0
he 's an odd duck , is n't he ?	he 's a weird patron , right ?	1
down in front !	can display a person 's database lists	0
i have nothing more to say about this .	i have nothing to say .	1
rachel , in all my travels , i 've never met a ghastlier little monster than princess violet of tamarang .	put him on a rock .	0
he says we should follow him to greener pastures !	i 've been blowing doors on cars all day .	0
in fact , i 'm wearing them now while i write these lines .	the wind blows up along the sun ...	0
ah , right .	cynicism , an apron that emphasizes our indifference ... and hides human emotions .	0
inside , waiting for you , to kill	i 've been so thirsty lately .	0
quincey is all man .	do n't teach me to craft !	0
she had n't put the waterfall there .	she did n't build that waterfall .	1
we left at intermission .	we left at recess .	1
reacher dealt the next print , like a playing card .	reacher took another shot , like a card .	1
hey , where is it written that a guy has to protect his girl ?	hey , where does it say the boy is supposed to protect his girl ?	1
i hear the fat kid running .	`` listen .	0
randall , you trying to boil me ?	yes ... they ...	0
wha ...	what ...	1
get the core on line .	and bring the core into line .	1
yes , you . i ca n't do it alone .	i 'd love to , but i ca n't do it alone .	1
sweet !	it 's poor kids who could translate their anger into something constructive .	0
and she had some guy after her .	but we 'll keep looking .	0
eleven member states were able to maintain or even further reduce their aid levels in the period 2007 - 2009 as compared with 2004 - 2006 .	the 11 member states were able to maintain or even further lower the level of aid in the period 2007-2009 compared to the 2004-2006 period .	1
fucking hell . erik .	where the policyholder is at this level , only 45 % of the base premium amount shall be paid .	0
i seek the grail .	if i could slaughter everyone in this rotten country that had torn mine , i would have done it .	0
covenant fumbled with numb fingers through his unconsciousness , while an unshakable sense of peril clutched his heart .	covenant blindly groped the numb fingers with his helplessness , while his heart was gripping the security of the impending danger .	1
how dare you open a letter addressed to both of us !	how could she have opened the letter to both of us !	1
and they will not rest till they destroy me and all i hold dear .	she knew my name , did you ?	0
the court would point out that innovation is in any event rewarded by the exclusivity that intellectual property rights confer on the author of the innovation .	indeed , it must be pointed out that innovation is , in any event , replaced by the exclusivity that intellectual property rights provide to the author .	1
hey , whoa . come here .	information can be used to expand , assess or assess the server , services , product or market .	0
but you 're so smooth ... ... i figured you were hiding something too .	you 're everywhere .	0
hopefully they 'll find a link to the accomplice .	linc , computer tech company found something on our guy 's phone .	0
it 's an interesting perspective .	what would he like ?	0
sit down and pray properly .	sit down and say your prayers .	1
i bet we could even do a tractor pull back there behind the ferris wheel right next to the ... you know , the whirly thing .	i bet we could even get a tractor for the ferris wheel next to the ... ... you know , next to the buzzing thing .	1
well , my mom also tried to show me reason all my life	back to school , huh ?	0
the armory 's been on lockdown .	the armory was locked .	1
for the last five years , he has worked on nothing but taking out the ring .	in the last five years he has worked on nothing but the removal of the circle .	1
i need my belt .	some bonds , some savings in the bank. ``	0
in trade unions ’ view this poses a risk that the employee involvement rules can be circumvented .	in the view of the unions , this entails the risk that rules on the participation of employees can be circumvented .	1
we get the hell out of here .	all thefts differ , each being a unique , a tradition in its conception .	0
maybe it was the promise of the new year , or residual holiday spirit , but i felt hopeful about the transition .	she must be one of the last of this season .	0
the very thought made fiben 's heart race faster .	the thought detonated fiben 's heart more quickly .	1
* what the hell are you talking about retiring for ?	well , it 's made of a particular kind of rabbit who live in the himalayas .	0
`` we are looking ! '' said the doctor , directing his spy-glass toward the mainland .	sometimes i 'd like to go somewhere with a piece of chocolate cake .	0
first person out becomes the first member of the jury . second person out becomes second member of the jury .	the package contains an additional utility .	0
we'il wait till the car cools down .	most men would consider her charming .	0
to study ?	for learning ?	1
she 's not staying here alone .	is something wrong ?	0
data is my comrade .	data is my colleague .	1
yeah , i worked there when i was in my twenties .	yeah , i worked there when i was about 20 .	1
these energy readings from the boundary ?	now we have to wait ... ... and hope .	0
so you killed him , left the cash and hoped he 'd be blamed .	so you killed him and left the money to blame him .	1
i see you guys in 50 years in a nursing home , just talking at each other with your hearing aids off .	i can totally see you from today 50 years in some sanatorium , as you 've been baring with each other with your hearing aids .	1
‘ what about carl quint ? ’ john grieve put the question .	`` what about carl quint ? '' asked john grieve .	1
you sound so sure .	you 're so sure ...	1
( iv ) cancellation of distributions does not constitute an event of default of the institution ;	( iv ) revoking the distribution of revenue does not constitute a failure to fulfil obligations on the part of the institution ;	1
it 's a nice fire , is n't it ?	that 's what he wants .	0
you 've heard about the party ? everyone 's gon na be there .	did you hear about the party ?	1
nobody can do any harm to her .	no one 's going to hurt her .	1
mcready picked up the scalpel from the table .	mcready lifted the scalpel from his desk .	1
there 's got ta be some cans around here somewhere .	there 's got to be a canister in here somewhere .	1
when i have n't slept well , i can hardly get started the next day .	if i 'm sleeping rough , i ca n't even get up properly the next day .	1
after all , i got stuck with a railway ticket .	after all , i 'm sticking around for a train ticket .	1
wo n't you , benjamin ?	he had a sore throat and a hoarse voice .	0
if you threaten my lord again -- - threaten ?	if you threaten my master ...	1
the police respond quickly .	the video was so infuriating ?	0
calhoun laughed while the building trembled to the thunder of more heavy starships arriving in formation .	calhoun laughed , while the building was shaking with thunder of other heavy warships landing in formation .	1
so you let me know if you need anything at all .	if you need anything , just tell me .	1
figure 3 determination of unobstructed access to door ( see annex 3 , paragraph 7.7.1.9.1 . )	( see para . 7.7.1.9.1 , annex 3 )	1
which always leads me to you , ventress .	who will lead me to you , ventress .	1
then you take the metal pieces and you dump 'em down different sewers .	maybe i should take over .	0
cross-functional flowchart template	maybe everything .	0
rick : look , i-i-i do n't want to hear about mrs. spencer ,	look , i-i do n't want to hear about mrs. spencer , morty !	1
i have a firm offer for 6.75 .	i 'm sure it 's frank .	0
have a seat ...	sit down .	1
what can they do ?	what they can do .	1
`` done ? ''	i repeat , terrorists murdered civilians and cut off both systems .	0
`` i think that if we went around to the side entrance , we 'd attract less attention . ''	come on .	0
chekov ?	chekov !	1
'is it true ? ' she asked , tears in her eyes .	`` is that true ? '' she asked in tears .	1
`` ... and commanding . ”	jackson thinks mike 's still in love with me .	0
i 'm not encouraging him .	i do n't support him .	1
remove backbone and cartilage , including the tip of the scapula .	remove vertebrates and cartilage including lotion .	1
dan , you have to eat it .	you must really eat him .	1
those scars on your back , that how she got you to be her whore ?	besides , judging by the serrated traces on her back , she did n't go into the water willingly .	0
oh . if you 'll all open your hymnbooks to page 90 --	so what did you learn ?	0
now that a seal is broken , i have so much clarity .	appendix 2 to ops 1.550 a )	0
next he 'll be complaining about the mosquitoes .	not just that , we 'll get the green card and the miami job .	0
`` that 's right , you do n't know what to call me .	`` that 's good , you do n't know how to address me .	1
passing through the mud room , he entered what looked like a study , a small room furnished with a large desk , a few bookcases .	he went through the room and entered a sort of smaller study in which a large table and a pair of libraries were .	1
well , come on over .	i packed it years ago when i was injured in my knee vase . that ended my basketball career .	0
hold on ! !	hang on !	1
it 's a clear sea , and our track takes us south of the reported ice field .	location of the designation :	0
i 'm so sorry l -- bender ? !	i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry .	1
i ran into a raid for `` voluntary labor in germany '' .	ò new article 30transparency and liability 1 .	0
is something going on between these two ?	is there anything between them ?	1
where you'il have to rush him to the hospital , but i see your point .	where you have to take him to the hospital in a hurry , but i understand .	1
from your stomach to your mouth burping feeling tired increased heart rate slowing of the electrical currents in the heart	you say that as if the price of this animal ...	0
get off her !	let her go !	1
now , you do that one again and i 'll kill you .	one more time and i 'll kill you .	1
here , let me make the milk .	the man is chasing miss gail .	0
although , '' she smiled self-depreciatingly , `` the lady who assassinated admiral vorrutyer could scarcely be supposed to need my poor services . ''	but the lady who killed admiral vorrutyer may hardly need my modest services , `` she said with a smile .	1
you can teach her how to walk that line between vampire and human .	you can teach her how to walk the line between life as a human and a life like a vampire .	1
`` relax .	i think it would be my first day at school when i was getting acquainted with the others .	0
alcàntara takes us to the city if we pay for petrol .	alcántara sometimes takes us into town when we go to pay for gas .	1
no , well .	and not just as a father , but as a cop .	0
`` we must have those contacts between mckie and abnethe , if we 're going to try cross-charting to locate her position , '' tuluk said .	thanks to the ability to make money the other way .	0
unlike other digital health tools , the icoach also focuses on those unwilling to quit and those with a high relapse risk .	sam was relieved to be on one side , but he was alarmed at the same time .	0
giants , with me !	tom , should n't you wear something if you 're doing this ?	0
oh , l 'm -- i 'm thinking .	oh , i ... i 'm thinking .	1
but we 're not open yet .	but we 're still closed .	1
what on earth are you doing up here ?	trubel 's right , nick .	0
111-30-8 950 g/kg dry weight ( 95 % )	111-30-8 950 g / kg drizzle ( 95 % )	1
her head was bowed in the perfect image of wifely submission , but her dark eyes flashed with something very different as- she bowed at buntokapi 's feet .	it is marked by the united states on the grounds that it is owned by or held by bank melli .	0
we 'll see you in there .	i 'll see you inside .	1
well , i noticed it yesterday when i was helping her out of the bathtub so she 's had it at least a day .	i found out yesterday when i was helping her out of the bath .	1
i never had any help .	no one ever helped me .	1
you'il just end up in the hole where that asshole banks wants you .	it 's a mundane background that looks very strong , and in the halo is planted with gorgeous gems .	0
plus , if we time it right , rich people get tired of answering their doors and just leave the bowl out .	and if we time it right , the rich will stop talking to the door and leave the bowl out .	1
it 's something that i 've been planning for some time and it would n't work without you .	i 've been planning this for a while , and it would n't work without you .	1
`` he looked and talked so much like ...	`` he looked and he sounded exactly like ...	1
`` you 're hearing it now . ''	`` that 's what you hear . ''	1
i currently have to deal with jia yu 's situation .	where were you last night , kaylie ?	0
daddy ! it hurts !	melchett asked : `` did guests love her ? ''	0
dr. deacon , you need to look at that .	deacon , you should look at this .	1
yeah kind of his name is trey	i do n't really know her .	0
we really should .	it 's more my baby , and i do n't know she 's going to let me go. ``	0
takes you inside .	i 'll take you inside .	1
department number .	who are these cubs ?	0
we 've had enough fun for one night .	we 've had enough fun .	1
what do you think he changed ?	what could he have changed ?	1
john : it 's a gift , regina .	it 's a present , regina .	1
the routing extension failed to enable or disable the inbound routing method .	routing plugin failed to enable or disable incoming message method .	1
there-there 's something in there .	there 's something in there .	1
go hide . and that 's when he asked if he could play .	are n't you ?	0
and plus which , doctors are evil people .	oh , yeah .	0
so ... are you going to bust them , archer ?	so ... are you gon na get busted , archer ?	1
and ukraine ?	what about her friends ?	0
oh , i thought you were ... you know ... shakin ' the creamer .	i thought ... you know ... you 're enjoying yourself .	1
vitrano 's architect was in the final stage of designing their new home-eleven thousand square feet .	brusson	0
let 's stretch her legs . yes , sir .	remember , turn to right , kick your left , swing your head and on to target .	0
`` that one i 'll never get over ! '' exclaimed helen , softly .	so some twisted instrument , a golf club with some grease .	0
we 're not lost -- i know exactly where we are .	what about going to the police ?	0
giordino returned at that moment .	then giordino returned .	1
yes , she 's better . the doctor prescribed her some vitamins .	i 'm not going to fight for the colombians anymore , i swear .	0
i have not passed through fire and death ... ... to bandy crooked words with a witless worm .	i did n't go through fire and death to argue with the astute worm .	1
i 've got a pair of gohills boots	i have a pair of gohill shoes .	1
that 's you .	no one cares who 's inside .	0
victoria adler referred me .	you know what i said before ?	0
and who do you think is the pig in high heels carrying around the bags of money ?	they 're taking our money , and nobody 's going to jail for it .	0
`` god bless her. ``	characteristics of optional equipment ( see definitions of article 2 ( 5 ) of regulation ( eu ) no 1230 / 2012 : ...	0
the possibility of deadly error was always present .	the possibility of a fatal error was never fully ruled out .	1
yeah . then who 's playing first ? yeah .	you would n't get fat if you kept on a vegetarian diet .	0
'no respect , ' angelo said .	she said director choi ...	0
and your front tire over there is completely blown out .	and your front wheel is completely empty .	1
what , as in a place to invest in ?	i suppose everyone is nervous tonight .	0
do n't make me beg .	please do n't have to beg .	1
pickles : my mom is right , all right ? !	my mom 's right , right ?	1
it 's something .	you see ? it 's something .	1
i n spite of what ?	despite what ?	1
home visits are all about the image you project .	the house visits are all about the picture you show them .	1
i wanted to buy one for me , but they had as vertical .	i 've tried to buy this one for myself , and they 've offered me only a vertical type .	1
or does it for you ?	it 's been around the humdrum for two months , and everyone is watching it .	0
'you know , i do n't think it 's just the rain that 's making the roaring .	you 've become a wild man !	0
that , i suspect , was the shooter you boys have been looking for .	i suspect he was the shooter you 're looking for .	1
i figured as much at the restaurant .	can you give me the belt ?	0
you can go .	all right , i 'm done here .	0
'rather , she 's my child , and i do n't know that she can release me ...	in the late morning , myrtis had a subtle knock at the door of the chamber .	0
you got that big bernie on my back !	yeah ... not really .	0
your husband will be at the front desk in a few minutes .	your husband will be at reception shortly .	1
what do you like ? tell me.s	what do you like ?	1
kristina i spoke to the last caller 's late mother , susan .	i talked to my mother 's last caller .	1
well , when you work for rich people , you know , it 's pretty easy to poach things here and there .	did you find the address ?	0
you may have caused their argument but that does n't make you a murderer .	you could have mishandled her , but that does n't mean you 're a killer .	1
`` you people—at least some of 312 sorceress of darshiva david eddings 313 you—are sorcerers .	'you are - at least some of you - magicians .	1
– x proposal/initiative in effect from 2014 to 2020	- x proposal / initiative with effect from 2014 to 2020	1
which means `` paddle home safely . ''	it also doubted that mtu had been selected on the basis of management comparable to open tenders .	0
it 's that big tall white thing over there .	`` they 've crossed me .	0
when we say sometime we mean it , right ?	since then , his mother has seen him only occasionally .	0
say romantic things to her !	some romantic stuff !	1
ruggedness ( major changes )	3.1.2.7 robustness ( greater changes )	1
do you wonder that we keep so precious a jewel locked away in our deepest boardroom ? ”	he 's stealing them !	0
must you do that ?	do you still have to do this ?	1
i want to know who they are and where they 're hiding !	even if i appreciate your excitement , i choose - eeny , meeny , miny , you .	0
does n't make it .	someone had to get out of here and somebody had to tell vern .	0
and here i thought you two came to me for fertility treatments .	tell us what 's so important in this case that you 've changed your mind .	0
can they reattach it ? no , paul , they ca n't , okay ?	no , paul , they ca n't .	1
bombs away .	bombs dropped .	1
keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light .	store in a well sealed container to protect from light .	1
i 've always known what you want ... and i 've always been the one to pay the price .	i always knew what you wanted , and she was always the one who paid for it .	1
hey , pete .	on your knees !	0
a crown prince would	the crown prince will not marry her .	1
but our surveillance cameras show it 's the entire block .	google naming servers - % { begin _ link } other information % { end _ link }	0
just that i was having it drained before i sold the place .	with brain problems ?	0
'extraordinary , ' she murmured .	it was the face of someone who had endured constant suffering , and this boiled over into the hard , relentless line around his mouth .	0
is the new packaging nice ?	what 's the new packaging ?	1
thank you .	what do you want ?	0
uh , um , no ...	i used to fix old cars when i was a kid .	0
in qeqetarsuaq , greenland .	in greenland , in the city of kekertsuatsiak .	1
shut down the attitude control system .	( no entry is played )	0
yeah , and ... - hey , you know what ?	he must have known , and he was taking us carefully in a different direction .	0
i hear you , i come into the bedroom ... ... and i find you .	| | display and orientation of the microphone ( figure 2 in appendix 1 to annex iii )	0
european laws shall establish the necessary measures to this end , excluding any harmonisation of the laws and regulations of the member states .	i would n't touch a broadway musical .	0
let me just keep her here , just until i can figure something else out .	let me keep her here till i find something else .	1
all right . let 's hear from somebody .	i searched for the thrain for a long time , son of throat , when he was lost .	0
put it away .	a mother to crawl .	0
directive 1999/31/ec shall continue to apply to the waste other than extractive waste used for filling in excavation voids as appropriate .	very slowly .	0
little did they know that he and his brother would not rest until their enemies were vanquished ...	they know he and his brother will not stop until their enemies are punished .	1
what about over here ? right there ?	what 's going on here ?	1
that is frank .	security cameras in richards ' port turned up for four hours .	0
she missed with the first bolt , but then killed all three - the last as it took flight . '	she missed the first dart , but then killed all three of them when she took off. ``	1
but congratulations , bree , it 's a beauty .	congratulations , bree .	1
oh , are you ok with apple tea ?	she passed .	0
where 's buster ? - i do n't know .	the strongest objection is the seriousness of the offense , which means there is a great chance that he will attempt to escape .	0
so this is what i propose . i propose that we bring back the vending machines , and we offer the kids healthy choices .	how do you always end up at the table with your kids ?	0
okay , now , go get jenny , 'cause she needs to make some calls .	but do n't tell him how we got into the country .	0
/ busted a couple of rival dealers .	i busted a couple of dealers from the competition .	1
report a problem to gtg developers	i 'm in a situation where i feel better and safer with my own people .	0
`` d'amacourt suggested a series of cashiers checks made out to the bearer . ''	if it was over now , it would hurt me .	0
luthor 's yesterday 's news .	this is a surprise - quiet !	0
the proprietor moved it to the counter .	the owner took her out on the counter .	1
now , where did you find it ?	the cooling was still in service .	0
i want a report on living conditions , on parish benefits , housing , all of it .	did you trace the call ?	0
woke up … here . ”	we 'd be at this rate in 1 0 hours .	0
a script .	well , maybe she does n't know the way to prison .	0
they deserve it more .	choose .	0
nobody in this office not to be responsible the area triggered a panic at national level .	no one in this office will be responsible for the panic across the country .	1
'and all of a sudden you 're certain someone is there ?	`` i 'm disappointed too , '' mara said .	0
here comes old gregg , he 's a scaly man-fish .	there 's starej gregg , he 's a scaly fish .	1
then we follow it .	then we 'll follow them .	1
good , one ...	so , one ...	1
arin was sitting on the ground , looking groggy .	why are we stealing ?	0
it 's nice to be with a manwho knows how to express himself .	this prohibition does not apply to labelling labelling schemes applied in the community or internally ;	0
she asked me to come by .	she asked me to stop by .	1
why do n't you persuade her to marry m alfonse ?	why do n't you convince her to marry the alfonso alfonso ?	1
yes , well , put this in the window and you 'll sell five a day .	well , if you put this on , you 'll sell five pieces a day .	1
i 'll give you the resources you need to go anywhere ... cars , gadgets , expense accounts .	i 'll give you the means you need to go to anywhere ... cars , facilities , a bank account .	1
`` and filitel , which is funded by avcla—asia venture capital los angeles—is wiring the philippines . ''	violence increases during menstruation .	0
but i ai n't going ' no 10,000 miles ... to help murder and kill other poor people .	but i 'm not carrying any 10,000 miles ... to help the killer , and he killed more innocent people .	1
you just do n't know it yet .	i 'll do whatever it takes to ask amanda waller , remember ?	0
the rendezvous is the main focus of events linked to the media programme and an opportunity for commissioner vassiliou to meet film professionals and policy-makers .	i 'm wearing a tight top , and you 're pouring me wine and -- and i 'm gon na get you something .	0
store and forward	save and forward	1
she was , and then she was n't .	i promise .	0
i wo n't give you a penny !	hands up .	0
pearl handle on a colt automatic .	i really think we picked this dress up well .	0
it 's an outrage that it 's lasted this long .	it 's an abomination that it took so long .	1
he 's been on frank d'amico 's payroll ever since you passed up the opportunity .	he 's on frank d'amico 's payroll since you turned it down .	1
have him make tea and whatever .	there 's a smoking ban .	0
see , i can be pissed off .	i could be pissed .	1
you can learn a lot .	it was a good plan to mess up when he saw the cat in the lobby .	0
i ca n't even go three hours without running into my ex-boyfriend .	you 're not a poet , dylan .	0
the kid 's doing fine .	the boy is doing well .	1
he stinks .	you know how long it took me to invent the game , put it on the market ... before christmas ?	0
the walls are alive ! ' shouted banouin .	he was afraid to stand up .	0
`` tasslehoff turned into a dragon and after that things get real confused .	i 'll cook you a rice porridge with eggs .	0
let 's go now . stoffer , let go .	and when the market got into shit and danny started to get in trouble , he started looking for exactly the kind of situation we 're in .	0
ca n't catch bad guys in pajamas .	bad people ca n't be caught in pyjamas .	1
i know what you 're getting at .	now he understood why ty was the second place in the imperium .	0
and that 's the tooth ... ... the whole tooth , and nothing but the tooth .	- 7 april establishing the state advisory council ( ccn ) comprising 131 members , of which 20 from each of the two political parties ;	0
shut up or i 'm gon na punch you in the mouth !	screw all of them .	0
let 's go ! - am i gon na be on tv ? - yeah .	will i be on tv ?	1
get behind on your payment , he 'll firebomb your office .	if you 're late with your payment , you 'll blow up the office .	1
dimensions , shape and capacity of the particulate trap : …	dimensions , shape and volume of the particulate filter : ...	1
come back when you know how to grasp a nunchaku .	come back when you learn how to keep your nunchucks .	1
a bottle of vodka .	a half-pint of vodka .	1
| 88 events organised with over 2.250 participants .	| 88 actions held for the participation of more than 2,250 participants .	1
you can bet your sweet ass and half a titty ... ... whoever put that hit on you , already got the cops in their back pocket .	you can bet your ass and tits for the guy who 's done it , he 's got the cops under his thumb .	1
have i been sleeping later ?	fortunately , the korean side is not much in coding .	0
you think yourself a woman liberated and independent .	how long has he been there ?	0
`` i was referring to the house of sawall , '' she replied .	`` i meant house sewalles , '' she said .	1
sorry , most of that night is still a blur .	of course , sorry , i remember that night very dimly .	1
so , how are we gon na do this ?	well ... how do we do it ?	1
i 'm going to cross the signal from the ping-pong cameras .	i 'm getting a signal from ping-pong cameras .	1
i 'm gon na get a less embarrassing box .	i 'm going to get a smaller box .	1
the stench was suffocating , the disgust choked his throat and strangled his cries .	the stench choked him , his stomach turned , and his heart sank .	1
we need to get a look at will sutton 's rail pass .	accordingly , the failure of the state was to justify the payment of compensation by the entity for compensation to the injured party .	0
but this man could also do numerical tricks that could not easily be programmed into a computer .	and we start with ... this !	0
can we just walk ?	shall we go ?	1
leave him ! no !	i have one more person to rescue tonight .	0
i 'm the junior world champion gum chewer .	i 'm a world junior in chewing gum .	1
fertiliser is applied according to the results of soil analysis and the needs of the plant .	it is recommended to fertilise , depending on the results of the soil analysis and the needs of the plant .	1
what gods ? you prophets and priests made the gods , that you may prey upon the fears of men .	something is coming - i can feel it - and it 's all over the corner , squadron leader .	0
i 'm always trying to put cancer survivors together in romantic settings ... sort of a matchmaking hobby of mine .	i 'm always trying to put together surviving cancer in romantic places .	1
what about caroline ?	what about her ?	1
mr. graves is the high schoolsuperintendent .	mr graves is a reditel of the school .	1
because we 're moving up !	we have to find their warehouse ... ... before the company pays the ransom .	0
they are you .	they shape you .	1
patients with higher cd19-positive cell counts or tumour lesions had a higher cl2 .	patients with higher cd19 positive cells or tumor deposits had a higher cl2 value .	1
it is wonderfully healthy to be talking like this , but it is a portentous departure from their usual hard-core technical mode .	this way to speak is immensely healthy , but at the same time it is a sinister departure from their usual hard , technical modus .	1
i took you for ruth wilcox !	i thought we 'd talk alone .	0
i mean , in , uh -- in a good way .	i mean it in a good way .	1
you 've got no control at all , have you ?	i took captain picard 's advice .	0
when did you fuck her brother ?	when did you sleep with her brother ?	1
so if that should ever happen , to say , `` no !	so if it ever happens , we should say `` no !	1
come on , i 'll throw in a glass of milk .	mona	0
how fun , greg heffley ! greg ?	that 's funny , greg heffley !	1
two of the animals soon lay dead on the sand , but the rest regained the sea in safety .	two animals , violently struck , lay dead on the sand , but the others disappeared into the sea .	1
if you push that , daddy will die .	i have a weakness for complex systems .	0
my last couple ofdates have been horrible .	my last girls were awful .	1
they turned out great , did n't they ?	she 'll examine it like she always does .	0
`` you do n't think you can beat the buggers unless you know them . ”	but now when she called him by name , he did n't even look at her , just mumbling to her dog , caressing him , hugging .	0
how could it be that maya got hit by a drunk driver ?	i need to find something that identifies the tenant .	0
to take his mind off his fear , he began to try to sort out what had happened , how they had landed in this predicament .	back to the woods !	0
rachel 's not leaving the house again .	but if it 's like the ice in g.d .	0
this ship is quite irrational and , as we 've seen , prepared to enforce her edict .	this ship is unreasonable enough , and as we have seen , it is prepared to assert itself .	1
there was no telling how a mad dog like gly might run if he was n't held on a tight leash .	they 're waiting for you to kill you .	0
`` they could n't help ... `` - the indian name , i mean ? oh .	i mean an indian name .	1
ok .	well ... all right .	1
`` matron malice does not wish our house to be among the last groups joining the gather- ing ! ''	he pointed at my leg .	0
so , could we count on you ... ... to let them know in a waythat wo n't scare them ?	he thinks he 'll protect her when he puts a wall around her .	0
got the same tat .	just for $ 49.95 .	0
alys was n't looking for a lover .	alys was n't looking for lovers .	1
i got accepted in madison last year so…	last year they took me to madison ...	1
because lane thought my mom was his new girlfriend .	mum did n't realise the effect she had on a man of any age because lane thought his mother was his new girl .	1
do i have to end in jail because of some fight ?	i 'm supposed to go to jail for a fight ?	1
anyway , i 'd better head out there .	anyway , i better go .	1
get out , you !	get out !	1
ten minutes late thanks to that fool of a girl .	ten minutes later , that 's what i made a fool of .	1
we were working hard and playing even harder .	we worked hard and pasted even more .	1
forensics lifted over a hundred prints , mostly unidentifieds from the open house crowd , but they found three more sets in more intimate places .	the air was calm .	0
`` dow chemical decides to settle with the bhopal people . ''	he 's an ideal working man when he had relationships with men and women .	0
however , where that opportunity can not be quantified in this way it is accepted that the damage suffered may be assessed ex æquo et bono .	or she 's involved .	0
he says he 's alone and he 's willing to be searched .	dude , those capes look really good for you , mate .	0
cindy . call me .	he 's got something with one of his students .	0
could n't keep the condo , so i came here .	i could n't afford an apartment , so i came here .	1
he 'd wan na know you 're okay .	he wants to know if you 're okay .	1
are you sure i did n't ask you ?	i 'm sure i did n't ask you .	1
for the right couple of cheerleaders .	take it easy .	0
tell me , harvard , what is the proper procedure for anesthetizing an epileptic ?	sucking on the mountain air .	0
all of a sudden a major country in latin america , controlled by a marxist .	along with tolkien 's other files ,	0
and , hey , at least i 've had some fun with it .	but what , at least i 've had enough fun with him .	1
winsl . et al . as regards the special requirements to be met should be modified to take into account the present distribution of the organism .	i was looking , but i found no record of meghan reporting on the school or paying any university tuition .	0
as soon as i may order it by court martial .	mr. wolfe , does this look like a robbery ?	0
it 's a bridge , not a petting zoo !	this is a mosta not a zoo !	1
by this point , the workers have constructed a single-lane road that leads from the prison camp up the rocky bed of the river to golgotha .	it 's not working . shut up .	0
`` and the terror with which the elders spoke of the punishment of treason by these kind hearted psychologist administrators ?	how could we not have him ?	0
it 's the volunteer .	you 're sitting next to me .	0
taraza must care !	taraza must have taken care of it .	1
so , this is all the stuff from the office .	he was smiling and laughing as a kid who is the first time in disneyland .	0
it -- it 's okay ?	in that period , cities worked as experimental laboratories under the open sky and achieved remarkable results even though only limited resources were available ;	0
got someone on her ?	i was three years late , but i caught up .	0
right , because everybody has to be honest about who they are .	they took the kids and the kids to pay their debt .	0
fodder beet – red	fodder beet ( hako )	1
yeah ! all right , is this it ?	`` you need n't worry .	0
yo , son , you ready to take this rock to the hole ?	do you understand how you 've done it ?	0
if you lose the patient , which does happen , you 've still got a job .	if the patient dies , which happens , you still have work to do .	1
look at the way you stand , you should know kung-fu .	steps should be taken to create a platform in which actors at sub-regional and local levels will be able to express their positions at eu level .	0
you can just sit there .	is that bad ?	0
now get serious and tell us where you been hiding lately , man .	$ a ( ampersand ) $ b	0
they were ready to give him the wrong medicine .	your old man at least got paid when he went down .	0
it 's one of these .	he 's one of them .	1
you 're considering it .	that means you 're considering it .	1
louis picked up a melon , broke it on his knee -- tanj , why not ? -- and followed her .	is this the first time taxpayers have paid for a blowout ?	0
she 's probably afraid i 'll tell people she 's sleeping with her dad 's junior partner .	what do you think it was ?	0
mike , the man has a gun to my head .	the guy 's on my head .	1
and when they kill you , i 'm gon na be there to watch .	and when they kill you , i 'll come see .	1
grandma harper , mr. greevy , and myself ... at meritage .	he had been in his laboratory for more than thirty hours .	0
i ca n't even sleep .	he was guttural and harsh , yet he had an impressive rhythm .	0
chlorine - where 's the nearest public pool ?	if we 're lucky , he 's unconscious in the bar where we left him with cruella .	0
remember what you told me ?	the shield kept the seas away from the city for centuries .	0
and to you ... there shall be many strange things .	and you ... ... you might get strange things .	1
part of a chemical test ... on a fragment of wood from the penthouse ... and it contained traces of cattle blood ... and heavy traces of steroids .	part of the chemical tests of a fragment of wood from the attic , and it contains apparently the cattle 's large steroid content .	1
but the princess cried all the time , looking more and more like you .	but the princess was crying all the time , and she kept looking up to you .	1
i ’ il do all i can .	i 'll do what i can .	1
for bash to become legitimized , henry must marry diane and she 'll be back	for bash to be legitimized , henry has to take diane , and she will return to court as queen .	1
but one thing i did know and i still do know ... is i understand you .	i 'm glad to meet you .	0
hawk hefted one of the small paper parcels , and then looked at the size of the packing case .	where 's a hundred and thirty ?	0
is that my word or yours ? mine .	get that maggot into the cell !	0
`` jasra , '' she spat back , `` dead man ! ''	`` jasra , '' she retorted , `` you son of a bitch ! ''	1
damn , being married to a doctor jack thought .	`` without the consumption of the eczema and without a loss of time . ''	0
the dragon young were still frantically chasing after them , the warm smell of human blood and flesh driving them into a frenzy .	the drunk ...	0
i 'm going to be as forthcoming as i can be , mr. anderson .	they came and took it .	0
that 's a warrant for your vehicle , mr. padilla . we need to take it in .	this is a warrant for your vehicle , mr. padilla .	1
atop the surrounding hills drummers pounded out their insistent rhythms , as fires burned brightly in the night .	on the surrounding ridges and hills , the drums thudded with relentless rhythms , and burned into the night by tall fire .	1
made in austria ...	it is manufactured in austria .	1
where did you get the information ?	where did you find this ?	1
all right , well , then what you wan na do ?	and we really thought they were n't going to nominate you .	0
this moment will allways haunt you	this moment will always haunt you .	1
no , he said it was two isosceles triangles forming a rhombus .	article 6 paediatrics shall be notified individually in accordance with chapter 2 ( b ) in respect of the supply to quarantine .	0
film roll	he told me in a medical section .	0
i 'm gon na catch you .	the militias have upgraded the poster for us , saying : `` respect the woman you choose .	0
until that 's done , i 'll be responsible for your expenses and you can pay me back later .	until then , i 'll take care of your expenses : then you can return it to me .	1
and if you screw me on this , you know i can make your life miserable .	and if you cheat on me ... ... i 'll make your life hell .	1
it 's just such a relief to get away from that man for a little while .	it is a great relief to be away from that man at least for a while .	1
for a moment he had to fight for balance on the tricky footing .	he fought his way to the balance for a moment .	1
leave her alone , whitey !	that 's why i let one fly .	0
i just have a very comfortable life .	the selected method determines the encoding settings	0
fuck you !	fuck off !	1
was this treadstone ?	was it treadstone 's mission ?	1
`` to think of this end to it all !	`` to think it 's all over !	1
hartmut was bravest of all of them , advancing into the water , his ax raised in challenge .	do you think we 'd be married if i had n't waited for matt ?	0
`` nice place , '' i said admiringly , and then discovered from something another guest said that klara lived right down the tunnel .	`` it looks nice , '' i said admiringly , and then i heard a guest telling something about the fact that klara lived exactly one lower .	1
what are you doin ' with that gran 's candlesticks ?	what are you doing with grandma 's candles ?	1
well , next time , go with something that has a chance of working .	lock the door , will you ?	0
the news broke upon the city a week before byerley was to have been nominated .	'just let him look around , 'sparhawk said .	0
you do n't even want to touch that one .	come on , kids !	0
maybe i could warm these a little .	this is miss hegalhuzen , writing an article about the show .	0
okay , so if nobody in this group signed in as edward prendick , that means that wells must have come and gone already .	my jane looks nice , does n't she ?	0
nothing now . just a little claustrophobic .	nothing . i 'm just a little scared of small spaces .	1
you 're sending porter because you do n't want to , but you did n't have the balls to say no to her face .	the scene begins with a shot on earth , which is completely destroyed by the nuclear war .	0
mr destain and mrs serres ... ... will play for you `` military musing '' .	mr destain and mrs serres will now give you the `` soldier dress . ''	1
oh my god ! ( chuckles )	but if they decide to get one through the enemy gate , the military will be killed , regardless of the points that have been recovered so far .	0
any man with dirty pants on sitting on the bunks spends a night in the box .	he nodded wearily , walked over to the base of his ribcage and took hold of the lower rung .	0
is there anything i can do ?	and diana 's birth certificate .	0
jazz was glad of that moon , for the sun was now plainly declining .	the jazz were grateful for the moon , for the sun was gone .	1
all right ? no one thought anything of it then .	no one ever thought of anything .	1
about the causes of their death , the places and the wounds , i have marked everything .	i remember everything about their cause of death , places and injuries .	1
now , your story , this `` windigy '' is the stuff of campfires .	jared !	0
okay , look , i dated a robot once .	he slid after it , its pole squealing , and he stopped , barely an inch above the concrete floor .	0
the turnkey market is heavily project-driven and market shares have fluctuated widely .	open the trunk .	0
x	ranking x	1
i 'm sure andy was just a little excited , that 's all .	he had told the english king so much that he had occasionally sent it to the english court .	0
lab results on the glass removed from the gashes on faith 's arm .	according to his watch , it was shortly after 8 a.m .	0
those that committed these ugly deeds have ... ''	that was nice .	0
i do n't want to get embarrassed in front of a young crowd .	i do n't want to embarrass myself in front of a bunch of teenagers .	1
i have to arrange something with linus .	niun was perplexed , found by a vague recollection .	0
and just what are the elements of harmony ? !	we have two antibodies in the oven .	0
google name servers - % { begin_link } learn more % { end_link }	as for the majors , the end of the queue will come sooner than they think .	0
freeze ! drop it nice and easy .	slowly put it down .	1
maybe sara did n't find any .	vantika must have rigged the self-destruct system .	0
you are here	here you stand	1
they would never grow in the common light of day .	they would never grow in plain daylight .	1
this trend can be encouraged , particularly through synergies in innovation and technology ;	can we only have five days ?	0
the emperor is betting that it will be you . ''	you see the fire ?	0
and i ... i grabbed him and i hugged him and ... ( voice breaks ) :	i grabbed him and hugged him and ... i started crying .	1
ireland shall establish a fiscal advisory council to provide an independent assessment of the government ’ s budgetary position and forecasts .	it will set up a board for fiscal matters , which will provide an independent assessment of the budgetary situation and government forecasts .	1
this is behind us , is n't it ?	yeah , he was there an hour ago .	0
i 'll see you at ten tomorrow .	i 'll come by tomorrow morning at 10 : 00 .	1
we -- our cognitive endowment sort of compels us to regard the world in mechanical terms .	we ... our cognitive inception kind of makes us think of a world in mechanical terms .	1
my excuse	they have only one employer , they are rewarded even for the journey between two households and have access to vocational education and all collective guarantees .	0
but until master windu or another member of the council officially reassigned her , she would continue to do her duty as best she saw it .	uh , clara ...	0
george herman resumed : “ democratic candidate david bowes calls stillson a practical joker who is trying to throw a monkeywrench into the workings of the democratic process .	no one 's done anything , you fool , you 're imagining everything again !	0
so she sat , corpse-like , as we played at cards ; the frillings and trimmings on her bridal dress , looking like earthy paper .	he 's not interested in a girl , and he 's friends with all of them .	0
it 's a very difficult time for me . i 'm so vulnerable .	it 's difficult for me , i 'm completely defenceless .	1
not happening .	no , just that being stabbed is a really bad way .	0
last time i seen them , we was all kids and everything .	the last time i saw them , we were kids .	1
directive 2003/87/ec as amended ( 4 ) is hereinafter referred to as ‘ the ets directive ’ .	i asked for your son 's murder .	0
but not one of them will ever know you ... ... the way i know you .	but neither will you ever know ... ... as well as i am .	1
then everything is fine if he 's here .	it 's good when he 's here .	1
i 'm sure you do . mm .	i 'm sure .	1
my name is nan flanagan .	i 'm nan flanagan .	1
well , actually it 's pronounced `` funk '' .	in fact , it reads `` funk . ''	1
mintar relaxed on the cushions .	had it happened , it would no longer be possible to travel a warp .	0
the oxygen tube ripped from his mouth and flapped around wildly .	the oxygen hose slipped out of his mouth and started flying around .	1
i want you to think beyond this village , okay at a much bigger picture .	specify the location of the block with the address and address in the documents .	0
but we'il check it out .	he 's my biggest fan .	0
we got the sky lit up like a bonfire .	the sky over my house lit up like a line .	1
he was always changing jobs , straightening out schools .	who 's jones ? ... fng boy `` newborn . ''	0
but what matters here is a common perception that russians are not ready to assume the responsibilities of citizenship .	what is important , however , is the widespread perception that russians are not prepared to take responsibility for citizenship .	1
actually this region takes its name from us , although people barely know it .	indeed , this region has been called upon us , though it hardly knows .	1
besides , quinn 's the last person that you 'd want to have there . - oh ?	besides , quinn is the last person you want to be .	1
is n't she something ?	well , is n't it ?	1
oh , i 'm sorry .	excuse me .	1
maybe there'il be a path tomorrow .	chicken for the queen ?	0
miles gave up and ran for sickbay and an antigrav stretcher , cursing the whole way , tears of frustration and fear in his voice .	miles gave it up , ran to the maths for an antigravity stretcher , and was swearing all the way , and there were fears in his voice ...	1
one of these days , somebody 's going to get pushed too far , and who knows what they 're capable of .	my dad drinks too much , like yours , only mine live in leith , which is just a little different than canada .	0
back to news list	back to update list	1
spike : lot of drugs , all product , no precursor traces ... must be a lab offsite .	setting the source document property is not valid , or the file has been deleted , renamed , or moved .	0
we 've been called back into court , so we 're heading out .	they called us back to court , so let 's go .	1
a coal popped in the fireplace .	bobby gave me the idea .	0
c/5 ( a ) the utilised agricultural area of the holding on which organic farming production methods are applied i .	c / 5 ( a ) agriculture used for an agricultural holding in which organic production methods shall be used .	1
so leverage really is a measure of how much cushion do you have to take losses in the future .	go before anán wakes up .	0
( boshkova kalinka , mikrobiologia na mesoto , ribata i yaytsata ( microbiology of meat , fish and eggs ) , plovdiv , 1994 ) .	( microbiology of meat , fish and eggs ) , plovdiv , 1994 ) .	1
y'all little niggas know what to do .	you 're not an easy woman to get .	0
produce a line of high-quality antiques at a low price .	look in santa 's gift bag and get me as many health needs as possible .	0
and how is it that you know him ?	do you think flattery will save your life ?	0
yeah . everyone in my family names their son stanley 'cause it 's yelnats backwards .	roger , bring us in .	0
our information on him may be wrong .	maybe we do n't have the right information about him .	1
are we transferring ?	moving ?	1
so , william , shall you and i go and find our holy grail ?	she tapped a series of instructions into the apparatus , and her form disappeared to replace kirk himself .	0
might i suggest that we all reconvene on your boat ?	i suggest we all return to your ship .	1
you could havesaid anything , any lie you wanted .	how 's it going here ?	0
do you like old people ?	do you like retirees ?	1
for these purposes ‘ parties present and voting ’ means parties present and casting an affirmative or negative vote .	for these purposes , `` present and voting parties '' means present parties that have voted for or against .	1
they help me plan out the whole piece ,	they help me plan my whole song	1
but there are only eight names on the list . ''	duroška : irma raush boriska : nikolai burlyaev	0
sure you gon na be okay , bud ?	he designed this and supervised every bit .	0
go dancing ?	`` % 1 / delete '' ? ``	0
you told them no , did n't you ?	oh , you mean this one , one girl who was with us , it 's a long time ago .	0
our colleagues and associates are here for you .	our colleagues and collaborators are here for you , do n't hesitate to contact us .	1
jake : i was a warrior who dreamed he could bring peace . ( all arguing )	what have you done to her ?	0
when they keep still , they like sitting on the wall with their head down .	and then he sleeps by seven .	0
you make the best of your situation !	do your best .	1
applicant 's own sources :	`` certainly not .	0
we were just kids da .	we were just kids then .	1
this went on for weeks .	then a couple of weeks passed .	1
so what are we gon na do now , doc ?	in the case of smaller entities , sampling may be used .	0
bootstrap failed : { 0 }	well , it 's not a big difference if i 'm going to die here or on the moon .	0
in the case of large exposures dealing with single name concentration risk , credit risk is not well-diversified .	in the case of a large exposure to a concentration of risk against a single counterparty , the credit risk is not well-diversified .	1
i don´t think anybody´s home , just broome .	i think only broome is at home .	1
it 's unsettling , is n't it ?	it 's strange , is n't it ?	1
no , nothing . why ?	it 's not like i kept it .	0
it 's dumbledore .	but it 's hogwarts and dumbledore .	1
it has n't been four years .	you have n't invited me in four years .	1
but he just had few days to live .	in the odd footballer	0
and more importantly , you destroyed us .	i want to feel your pleasure .	0
one ... the people i come back with ... the people on my boat ... do n't get touched , not even a hair on their head .	first of all ... ... the people i 've come back with , the people of my ship ... do n't even touch it .	1
praha : ares ; vašut , 2005 – 445 s .	praha : ares ;	1
`` so , pere-what do you think ? ''	`` god bless her . ''	0
we have a new address…	and this is a birthday party .	0
i 'm not asking for money . it 's just ...	i do n't want money .	1
we 're getting close .	we 're getting close ... come back .	1
he must n't let harrison and manchester know something was wrong -- above all else , he must not do that .	and decided not to share it ?	0
at this point , we 're still getting very few details .	we have few details at the moment .	1
do n't ever wake me up .	next week i 'll be the victim at the altar in hanover square .	0
obviously , yeah .	oesophageal redness increased heart rate increasing electrical impulses at heart	0
do n't forget who backedyou to reach what you are today !	i do n't remember .	0
yeah , it 's the best bit .	yeah , that 's the best .	1
those with rattles or horns , you shake and blow !	those with rattles and horns will shake and honk .	1
unless her bid was in euros .	if it is not in euro .	1
i 'm , uh , not sure it 's the right time , lois .	i do n't know if this is the right time , lois .	1
freeze , sucker . - nobody 's gon na hear us .	do n't move , man . no one 's gon na hear us .	1
but i ca n't allow my brother to waste away in jail ... over something that has n't even happened .	but ... since this has n't happened , i ca n't leave my brother to rot in prison for the rest of his life .	1
there was a long moment of silence and then nathan said , `` that 's good .	there was a long , thoughtful silence , and then nathan replied : `` this was good .	1
but ta here , is a daddy 's boy .	let 's invite some to join .	0
now , where is it ?	however , it considers that ryanair 's website is characterised by an extraordinary value ( 101 ) .	0
hawkeye was in front , brandishing his terrible rifle , and animating his followers by his example .	`` i think so .	0
fiddler 's scowl deepened .	fiddler 's frown deepened .	1
and it 's the only thing i have from my birth mother , and i can not leave it behind .	hey , i have to talk to you for a second .	0
what was ?	what 's wrong ?	1
but you must n't confuse it with proof .	if pitarrio is nervous , we know he 's working for the feds .	0
the shape means something .	the character means something .	1
for example , if you start on a wednesday , use the day label sticker that starts with ‘ wed ’ .	for example , if you start on wednesday , use the daily label that starts with `` st . ''	1
do you mind if i catch up with you ?	it 's okay .	0
to upgrade to the silver level a client must fly 25,000 miles with skyteam alliance , and 50,000 miles to upgrade to the gold level .	to switch to silver 's level , there is a need to pour in the skyteam 25000 miles , for the re-entry to gold then 50,000 miles .	1
now is not the time to be shy .	i told you these lies should have protected our family , they should have kept us together , but that was the biggest lie of all .	0
do you feel up to it ?	well ... ... the whole weekend .	0
the buttons popped off his jacket ...	i found my `` i '' lost in the dark woods ...	0
would you like a translation , bitch ?	there 's no time for maternity .	0
there is a difference , you know .	fun .	0
all right , set a course for those stars .	we lost control .	0
but , honestly , dad , those photos from monaco were out of context .	but really , dad , there were those photos taken out of context .	1
i had 6.2 billion nano-robots coursing through my epithalamus , and my emotions were a little all over the place .	`` do you think i could do it ?	0
it 's so romantic and ... and so au courant , so ... it 's the perfect combination of you and me .	it was so romantic ... and helpful ... perfect combination of you and me .	1
`` no word yet on the fate chancellor cohaagen . but we 're being told that he perished , along with his forces ``	report bug to gtg developers	0
this feature will change from run from network state to be installed on the local hard drive .	the report confirms that there are measures in place to maintain operations in eurid that this process has not yet been completed .	0
you share the restroom with the sushi place downstairs .	you share the toilet with a sushi company that is on the ground floor .	1
murders are messy business .	the murders are complicated .	1
well i used to , but eventually they realised that i 'd betrayed them .	wait , do n't run !	0
get on board the sole train , tonight on sick , sad world ! ... or sharpen your golf game on one of our three 18-hole courses .	can i come to your house ?	0
i brought by mistake .	they did n't bring me here by mistake .	1
you just bought yourself a one-way ticket back to the typing pool .	an incoming call on her mobile .	0
i 've already pinned it on eric northman .	when we say `` sometimes , '' we mean that , right ?	0
'it 's trying to get me to try it on , ' said magrat , her hand hovering .	'he 's trying to make me put it on my head , 'said magrat , her hands trembling .	1
dean and i are gon na meet you ... at this place ... at 4:00 .	dean and i will meet you at 4 : 00 in this place .	1
no , yeah . yeah . please come in .	sure , no problem . come in .	1
because we have the power . . . . . .to forget .	standard view , recurring events unfolded	0
let 's go and find out what this is .	let 's see what we find out here .	1
and for those of you who are handy with a horse ,	and for those of you who can do this with a horse --	1
you used her , and then you threw her away !	you got the context for me already ?	0
we already called your mom , but i 'll have 'em put another call in to your mother right now , okay ?	equilibrium 9-hydroxy- risperidone reached 4-5 days after administration .	0
it says you were awarded the silver star of excellence for courage while under fire stationed in iraq ?	does it say you won the silver star for bravery when you were attacked in iraq ?	1
i will not ...	peter marlowe mounted the trunk of a coconut palm tree and found two last cigarettes in his pocket .	0
the arrival of fredrik janáček in 1997 was very significant .	not even a woman can sleep ?	0
wow , what a swell place to work !	what a great job for you !	1
just get out of here , okay ?	ok , now get out of here .	1
i 've spent my entire life doing nothing but collecting comic books . and now there 's only time to say : life well spent !	i 've spent my entire life collecting comics , and now it 's just time to say ... i 've spent my life well !	1
let 's see how she does in the second round .	you can brighten my depressing day and tell me you have a good message for me .	0
come on . boss wants to see you .	help pelc and sepin .	0
the criteria for classifying and categorising substances as ‘ hazardous to the aquatic environment ’ are summarised in table 4.1.0 .	the criteria for classification and classification of substances into categories such as `` hazardous to aquatic environments '' are summarised in table 4.1.0 .	1
the day had begun in brilliant sunshine , free from the british fogs which so often veil the skies .	then the girl came running .	0
see you .	see you later .	1
i 'm having my my ... um real estate guy look into it .	my real estate guy 's taking care of it .	1
we 're not quite certain .	blondi looked bleak and puzzled , as if she should be sick of her stomach .	0
the g'kek clan , in particular , were terrified of recent news from the glade .	i do n't know who took it .	0
yes . i understand your dream .	i know you dream about it .	1
here 's the number of the local firm .	here 's the number for the local taxis .	1
you have a resentment because they pushed you to study medicine , when all you ever wanted was to be a song-and-dance man .	you must be angry about them , 'cause they pushed you to study medicine when all you ever wanted to be was a dancer and a singer .	1
i really do n't see how thats going to help .	i really do n't know how to help .	1
she 's seen him only occasionally in the years since then .	god knows .	0
come on . look , i won . it 's over .	and you , bobby , you 're whipped .	0
now , what really happened to your eye , eric ?	and already she knew why genoa 's citizens were so quiet and kind .	0
in the strangest places .	i 'll be right back , darling .	0
i 'm 1 0 , and i think your dress is the ugliest one i ever saw .	i 'm 10 , and your clothes are the ugliest i 've seen .	1
he would n't be so lonely .	we have more things to do .	0
you both conspire to play me a fool .	/ version displays the last update date for the media .	0
passages from other works clarified or expanded , but the two major prophecies put it all down in uncontaminated form .	i have no control over my co-shareholders .	0
there is something upsetting you , and instead of letting me help you , you 're shutting me out .	i went straight to bed with me .	0
according to the applicant , this indicates essentially similar therapeutic outcome .	killing people , collecting medals ...	0
the day-ahead market gate opening time shall be at the latest 11:00 market time day-ahead .	the start of trading in the daily market is at the latest at 11.00 market time the previous day .	1
grunther , take sir hilary to dr. von sant . - ja , fraulein .	on reflection on how people vote against their own interests .	0
`` sir , i have a call originating from the downside commercial comconsole net .	`` sir , i have a downstairs call from the commercial communications network .	1
i 'd like to	did you give him a snack ?	0
they looked with flat curiosity at baker and kept on .	louis roulette , you 're under arrest .	0
`` a fate named reality is ''	`` fate , on behalf of reality . ''	1
will : what the hell ?	what the hell is that ?	1
want to try 'em out ?	but you can get drunk until you fall .	0
you should go home . we 'll take over . we 're good .	but they 're really nice .	0
i 'm helpingthe elves build a new sleigh .	jimmy , i swear , if i could trade it with her , i would n't be sending her ...	0
ms. mouse trap specificallyasked for you .	carl and nice mrs. margaret .	0
you know why you hid in that ditch , blithe ? i was scared .	and do you know why you hid there , blithe ?	1
if you do n't believe , then there 's nothing to it .	however , its arguments require a thorough review in the main proceedings .	0
can i get a shot of you guys ?	can i get a picture of you ?	1
mrs. lombard .	mrs. lombard ?	1
when you start worrying about the declining morality of the young .	when you start worrying about the bad manners of today 's youth .	1
i was a mess , and she just sat there like ...	i was on the pill , and she just sat there ...	1
can you walk ? poor weinrib !	poor weinrib !	1
oh , go on , it 's been an age .	hey kid , it 's dad .	0
55 in any event , the applicants ’ argument can not succeed .	no , she did n't .	0
the name of the feature within the associated product to which this condition applies .	`` we 're looking , '' the doctor replied , taking the binoculars to the mainland .	0
it was like shaking a piece of wood carved to look like a man .	it was as if he was shaking a piece of wood carved into a man 's form .	1
no convictions . annie ... look at that .	i realized it 's time for me to go home and give you and midge a chance .	0
indeed , today ’ s administration is far more effective than boris yeltsin ’ s government during the 1990 ’ s .	indeed , today 's administration is much more effective than boris yeltsin 's government in the 1990 `` s .	1
( man ) it 's ike bykovsky .	the ziger takagishi was climbing beneath it .	0
when was the last time you bust off an oowop ?	when was the last time you pulled the trigger ?	1
i was screaming as i swung the rake , plunging the tines into the thing on the floor again and again and again .	i screamed when i hit the creature on the floor again and again .	1
what ? what ? you 're an intern ?	are you an intern ?	1
well , i guess i 'd better go .	i better go .	1
you thought you would trap me .	you thought you 'd destroy me .	1
ouch . you all right ?	if i killed people , i 'd know .	0
there was lot of blood on her legs .	that 's minus 72 plus 60 .	0
it-it was wonderful , in fact . yeah , it was .	in fact , it was beautiful .	1
be damned ! we need to get more men up there !	we have to get more men up there .	1
the raid commander riding in the third bear received the information and compared it with his intelligence data for the convoy .	the commander-in-chief of the third baseman compared the leaked information to the intelligence reports .	1
if he was supposed to be their prize fighter , why leave him for dead in our front yard ?	if it was the price of a warrior , why would they let him die in front of the house ?	1
do you remember what i told you ?	if we do n't want to buy it , how do we get it ?	0
i 'm so glad i'mdone for today , i swear .	i 'm so glad i 'm done for today .	1
for a change king john was on sam 's side .	chapter 18 king john was for a change on sam 's side .	1
just him , or was anton vanko in on this , too ?	did he go alone , or even with anton vanek ?	1
starting your first pack of ioa	starting with the first dose of ioa	1
paragraph 3 ( 1 ) of the law on property provides with regard to the return of property assets :	set an item as exclusive	0
no , five hot dogs . ten !	she stared at him for a long moment , taking a look at lady descroix 's icy stare .	0
the commission is aware that there is a need for improvements to assure the availability of adequate funding when required and their transparent and secure management .	the commission is aware that the current procedures need to be improved to ensure a sufficient amount of funds are needed even for their transparent and safe administrations .	1
seòora rivera ?	señora rivera ?	1
sometimes , even now , i have this old dream that somebody wants to kill me .	then there was another sound : male voices screaming `` shaa !	0
hold it there , son .	helping you deal with a crazy groupie is more important .	0
i 'd love to hear about how you knew nucleic acids were capable of performing such ordered folding .	can i get a beer ?	0
i 'm not a prophet ... but i know that our people will keep going forward ... altogether , with all of our strength .	look , i ca n't afford to pay for the mortgage .	0
just borrowing a suit and i 'll be on my way .	all right , we can catch a train in two to venice ... and go directly to gianni .	0
the public prosecutor wo n't move ... and the home office does n't want to know .	he began to crawl up a pile of rubble and yelped as conina grabbed his leg and pulled him back .	0
i 'm one of the smartest people in america .	because by all accounts , i 'm one of the smartest people in america .	1
oh , that 's not for me to say , sweetheart .	oh , it 's not up to me , sweetheart .	1
they 're ruining this city .	we have to find a way out .	0
demons are tking over the world .	the demons control the world .	1
quantity which minimum must be entered into average settlements .	quantities which must at least be inserted into an average setting .	1
the target2 simulator shall be developed and maintained by the ssp-providing cbs and suomen pankki .	the target2 simulator is developing and maintained by the central bank providing ssp and suomen pankki .	1
ai n't that a bitch . the ectoplasm 's the only thing sticky enough ... to hold the damn car together .	wait , what are you doing ?	0
this shouting is still getting underway , she is still turning her head to look at the jeeks , when the doggie door emits another burst of light .	is that 0293 ?	0
in the event of failure to comply with those requirements , that decree requires the applicant to repay to the lad the aid paid out .	how rude !	0
we do n't know the effects yet	we do n't know their effects .	1
the proposed directive focuses on recycling as the treatment operation for batteries , not on energy recovery .	god , i feel like my lamb 's waiting for the slaughter .	0
well , then looks like all we got left are the girls .	we can never be prepared .	0
well , it 's on . we 're gon na have it out right now !	you have it here . we 'll have it right now .	1
it 's a little twitchy .	'he went on his motorbike to morley .	0
sometimes a plant that had a shallow root system would simply topple .	the plant , which had shallow root systems , simply recovered in some cases .	1
dr. pendanskl : you know , the ancient mesopotamians -- they did n't have shovels .	first of all , go ahead and do whatever he wants you to do .	0
i told him of companies and patents , and the case for secret processes .	i 've told him about companies and patents and the full container of secret manufacturing procedures .	1
o statins such as simvastatin .	about statins , e.g . simvastatin .	1
now cut the comedy , and answer the questions .	now stop the fun and answer the questions .	1
this omission is a sufficient ground to uphold the appeal . ’	he wo n't risk the bash .	0
she became increasingly bitter ... even with those who loved her most .	64 - ibid . ( paragraph 46 and case-law cited ) .	0
oh ! - you have a puppy called leviticus ?	do you have a dog named leviticus ?	1
i know that all too well .	uh , okay , so ...	0
we need to see the surveillance tape of this office .	specialist ?	0
the figures over recent months ... show that for those involved , life expectancy is very short and getting shorter .	i do n't want to hear about it anymore .	0
assure your men that private flacks will be all right , but his days in afghanistan are over .	lovely katharina , if i love your french heart , i would like to listen to your religion and in revered english .	0
maybe he 's a cricket scout .	maybe he 's a talent scout .	1
how does what feel ?	what 's what feels like ?	1
the defendant will remain in custody until one week from today , when we commence the penalty phase .	the defendant will remain in custody for a week .	1
and , girls ? who 's going with the redskin ?	now , girls , who will go with mr redskin ?	1
let me hear you laugh ! - ( grunts )	with the women 's heads of department .	0
`` fixe high school football game . ''	he forged a football match in high school .	1
we 're real experts when it comes to hospitals .	we 're experts at the word for a hospital .	1
but thanks . it never gets old .	but it never gets old .	1
garcia can get you whatever you want .	if ... this is true , he should have some degree of intelligence , which means you can think .	0
they got all outraged , but they knew they could n't stop me doing it .	the visitors were indignant , but they knew they could n't stop me .	1
and now.. i 've been all over the city , sid !	what 's the most important thing , you 've given us some time , and i have a name now .	0
he hit his head on the bare concrete floor and saw a tangled shower of stars .	he struck a bare , concrete floor , and stars danced around his head .	1
you want to see a pretty sight ?	you want to see something nice ?	1
part of the trouble with you , walter franklin , is that you 've always been too independent and self-reliant .	your troubles , walter franklin , are based partly on the fact that you 've always been independent and relied on yourself .	1
her hands shook slightly as she shuffled the many pamphlets littering her desk .	but how can angels ...	0
i guess he does .	i guess .	1
they were famous all through the bayous .	they were known throughout the blunders .	1
story , come on .	mine 's definitely mine .	0
oh , it 's anthony , please . # it 's my pleasure .	he drew me closer .	0
and if it is in any way possible , we 're going to bring him home .	and if that 's possible , we 'll bring him home .	1
all i need is some plutonium , and i know just the place to get it .	all i need is plutonium , and i know where i can get it .	1
with risks mitigated , legal barriers to ccs can be addressed and the proposal includes the appropriate provisions .	if risks are limited , the legal obstacles in the way of these technologies can be overcome , and the proposal contains an adequate provision .	1
repower america . find out more .	find out more .	1
i do n't know . kick a guy in the face .	kick someone in the face .	1
i wan na ask the witness a couple of questions .	i want to ask a few questions .	1
my grandmother was the daughter of hawk flies lightly , the blackfoot war chief . ''	hey , driver .	0
`` father might take us fishing , '' that 's what she said .	who 's on it ?	0
the landlord 's bringing a plumber by to fix the toilets today .	the landlord invited a plumber to fix the toilet .	1
`` beasley , i reckon i could n't hold you to anythin ' , '' replied anson , slowly .	`` nothing , boss .	0
most of them ended up here after doing all the missions .	a lot of them ended up after the trips .	1
but , if either side gets one cadet through their enemy 's gate unharmed , that army will win , regardless of points already scored .	in an hour at the dylan hotel ?	0
“ doorstraald ” or “ door bestraling behandeld ” or “ met ioniserende stralen behandeld ” , in polish :	`` doorstraald '' or `` door bestraling behandeld '' or `` met ioniserende stralen behandeld , '' in polish :	1
we 've been swimming in the hot tub .	and we wo n't be relying on a pair of chechen idiots to take the dirty work for us. ``	0
those would look great on you .	you 'd look good .	1
a family who feels threat keeps always together .	blond .	0
i 'm drowsy already .	i 'll have a little talk with general hammond .	0
spent six years in chino for manslaughter ? - that 's right .	this is my mother 's favourite sauce .	0
you guys , this might be our last circle together .	fascinating , right ?	0
do not e_xtract older files	how do they even manage ?	0
the purpose of those conditions was to increase the likelihood of full recovery of the loans and thereby to safeguard the treasury ’ s interest .	the purpose of these conditions was to increase the likelihood of a full repayment of loans and thus protecting the interests of the ministry of finance .	1
and this here is crazy .	dunk was unable to say whether he had left the arena alone or helped him .	0
he was here for yates .	you came here for yates .	1
our shining hour is yet to come .	`` can you focus , simon ?	0
i 'm gon na drag you ... ... and your dirty laundry out on the street .	i 'm going to expose you and your spiteful washing machine on the street .	1
how can the angels ... ?	or maybe it 's something else .	0
it must be how they planned to keep feeding slaves to the scarab .	he must not allow harrison and manchester to recognize that something is happening - that is the main thing , he must not let it happen .	0
the relief at dendera is interpreted in various ways by scholars .	reliever in denver , scientists interpret in different ways .	1
yeah . yeah , i 'm ready .	are you ready for tonight ?	0
and also the land that belongs to georgia ?	hurry up , the gold .	0
'what if i was the glue ?	this code is light when holding flat and dark when facing 90o .	0
until i attain my majority , the regent is the political leader of tibet .	garcia can get you anything .	0
night stones ? sorcerer 's sand ?	witty sand ?	1
ok , everything .	but you 've proven it 's a great combination .	0
finally , ergewa gmbh , the 75 % shareholder of the company , injected dem 1 500 000 in the form of a subordinated loan to greußener salamifabrik .	finally , ergewa gmbh , which owned 75 % of the shares , transferred the undertaking to a subordinated loan of dem 1.5 million .	1
i really love her , like i 've never loved anyone else ...	i really love her . like no one else .	1
hey . - hey , you ’ re still here .	hey , you 're still here .	1
hello , amélie-mellow !	hello , amelia .	1
she stepped closer to him and laid her hand on his stomach .	network snarl .	0
youca n't leave her in some parking lot somewhere .	good 20 meetings .	0
he had been in most countries in the world , and he had seen a lot of birds .	he has traveled most of the world and has seen a huge number of birds .	1
i had to bite through it .	fees , payments	0
i do n't think the real admiral naismith would permit his bodyguard to give him orders—do you ? ''	i do n't think real admiral naismith would have allowed his bodyguards to command him - did he ? ``	1
black reinforcing rod poking out . . . black rust .	where are you ?	0
that drunken ...	you already know that .	0
`` and what are you doing mixed up in all of this ? '' he asked .	otherwise we 'll break all the bones .	0
it was easy to pick out brock and mauss , and glessing was there , the proclamation in his hands .	do n't get in the way of women when there 's a kid coming to the world .	0
sgqa identifier to use total of previous question as total for this question	sgqa identifier to use the sum from the previous question as a sum for this question	1
'then she 's in one of the caves .	we have music for every dramatic moment , we hired an audio artist .	0
now drop the charges .	an equitable environment of competition , which promotes equality of conditions , stimulates businesses to improve the interests of competition and develop private business .	0
she regarded him coolly , with detached curiosity , not in the least frightened .	she watched him coldly , with a distant curiosity , not least intimidated .	1
they had the new editions of the world this week in their hands , the early morning los angeles times , and the new york tabloid news bulletin .	creideiki began to circle again slowly , his genetics forcing him to continue swimming toward the bridge .	0
said staff thus have a single employer , are paid for the journey time between two homes and have access to vocational training and applicable collective guarantees .	did you have to do this right now ?	0
are marriages made in thin air ?	making a marriage in the air ?	1
when i was a child , the fairy tale was a wondrous thing , full of magic and hope .	when i was a kid , there were stories for me stories of something extraordinary , full of magic and hope .	1
hey , it 's the new krusty krab 2 manager .	he stays there ?	0
and to the class of 1973 ... ... we say , do n't forget to remember yourselves as you are today :	what i 'm writing in my book is that by midday ... ... i 've secured you for a quick ride .	0
narrator : and so the salmon reach the ocean , birthplace of all life .	and so the salmon reaches the ocean , the birthplace of everything .	1
or larger than most .	or at least not most people .	1
krager drained the rest of his wine .	there 's an old saying , but i believe him . `` a laughing jury is never a jury that hangs . ''	0
he had a mighty brain , a learning beyond compare , and a heart that knew no fear and no remorse .	he tolerated that he would remain unprotected under conditions outlined by avery fowler - preston halliday , but not in those circumstances .	0
57 of them all together .	there 's 57 of them .	1
so , why should n't this court dismiss your testimony	why should n't the court judge your testimony as biased ?	1
it tells me that everyone who is trying to quit something always has an ancient relative they use as an example of why not to quit .	it was not taken into account for sub-prime exports , since such low-quality products were not produced and sold by the community industry .	0
it 's such a nasty job , being a doctor .	such an unpleasant job , the medicine .	1
he'il be able to get whatever he wants , whoever he wants .	`` i wonder what it 's like for miles per minute , '' said florence .	0
`` i do n't know how to tell in what regions my blood is volatile , '' i said .	umberto 's brother tried to pick me up , and i 'm sick to most of his relatives , but thanks .	0
once , when i was four , win record in the wood .	my grandmother , with a poetry named hawk , was easily the daughter of a smaller chief of the redeemer. ``	0
but you 're coming home tonight , right ?	that 's joey , btw .	0
you want to know why i handled it .	where are you going ?	0
the youth 's head nodded bonelessly as binabik , like a tender but efficient mother , wiped the bile from his chin with a hank of grass .	while binabik was as gentle as a gentle and caring mother wiped from the chin by a thorn of grass , his head wobbled helplessly .	1
relax , big guy .	easy , little guy .	1
set ss-bonds side chain	show disulfite bridges in side chain	1
have you just cracked me ?	did you just see me ?	1
let 's see some fireworks ! - yeah !	your parents must have gotten through a lot of dementia before they found an asshole like her .	0
judy 's always loved that i was attractive to other women .	there was only a small section of , like , a hundred men on the north , and they made a false lead .	0
i do n't blame you moving in here . i would have done the same myself .	i 'd do it myself .	1
i have been through this with you before , and he almost put you in a psych ward last time , ok ?	i 've been through this with you before , and he almost caught you in a mental hospital last time .	1
the blockade of england shall be ended .	the naval blockade of england will be over .	1
please just approve the transferto another facility .	please approve the move to a different device .	1
yeah .	well ... ... i 'll be waiting for your call .	0
here 's a father whose son gets beaten up .	here 's your father whose son is constantly being bullied .	1
it 's kind of an important role .	it 's a very important role .	1
special considerations in applying the acquisition method to combinations of mutual entities ( application of paragraph 33 )	specific provisions for the use of a method of purchase on a combination of mutual entities ( use of paragraph 33 )	1
vi – legal assessment a – introductory observations 38 .	freshly allowed screws or holes , through which the blood could be released .	0
mr. gaunt looked at cora with twinkling eyes .	no .	0
painter tomáš císařovský ( born 1962 ) has more than 20 years of remarkable work under his belt .	the painter , thomas emperor ( born 1962 ) , has had remarkable painting work in nearly twenty years .	1
`` there is an enormous amount of evil in the world , '' the urbane figure continued persuasively .	yes , i can see it , the bamboo furniture is really beautiful .	0
enjoy the spoils !	chapter ii specific remarks article 3 presence of supply 1 .	0
captain has the conn .	the captain 's in command .	1
i also hope for the safety of gen. biharang .	what about meadows ? ``	0
`` do you really ? ''	`` you ?	1
~ wow , dad and grandpa ! ~ three , two , one , zero , hop !	every dream comes true	0
is likely barnes ' supplier . cooper :	it 's probably barnes ' supplier .	1
the head is not more native to the heart , the hand more instrumental to the mouth ... ... than is the throne of denmark to thy father .	no more is the heart of a relative , and the hand of mouth is no more deserving than your father is the danish throne .	1
that is pain .	you know , this is pain .	1
in the shop .	in the workshop .	1
and an invitation to a convention , that i turned down , as usual .	and an invitation to the conference , which i usually dismissed as usual .	1
it 's safer for you in here .	it 's safer for you to stay .	1
|| mehedinţi whether or not followed by oreviţa	| | mehedinți whether or not followed by orevisţa	1
they were being very self effacing , apologetic -- evidence that tuluk had protested in that bitingly sarcastic way wreaves had .	red alert .	0
oh , i said i 'd ride , and i 'm always good for my word .	mrs. whitaker , i told you i 'd be on my way and i 'm holding my word .	1
first , we 'll see if ms. scarangella is sleeping ... after that we 'll lock this young fella up ...	we 'll check on miss scarangella if she 's sleeping ... then we 'll lock this young man 's lock ...	1
except i have the alien gate on tape .	but i have their gate on tape .	1
then , what about up ?	and ... `` he paused , as if he did n't want to say anything .	0
i think i worked out how these deaths occurred .	i think i figured out what caused the deaths .	1
so you just think about that .	then think about it .	1
curly , keep an eye out the back .	your husband does n't mind you working so long ?	0
it 's a job	the swordsmen are obsessed with the battle in this country .	0
how about you just answer the damn question ?	why do n't you just answer the fucking question ?	1
why do n't you two discuss that while i go on break ?	why do n't you work it out while i 'm on my break ?	1
he 's gon na make the food now .	`` miss lott . ''	0
may be a way .	he could almost escape when hawk caught him in the only desperate leap .	0
he sounded rather upset i thought .	dawkins had him from the car he stole from the jail , but the phone history was erased , so i figured he must have called someone .	0
sorry , sir .	maybe it 's time to bring harker .	0
i been watching you .	now that he did not have to be alert and did not have to hold the gun , he had succumbed .	0
dr. crandall , who was wearing a short-sleeved blue tunic , folded his arms , chafing his hands along his upper arms .	dr. crandall , who was wearing a blue blouse with short sleeves , folded his arms and rubbed his arms .	1
had the entire evolutionary drive of microbes been directed at optimizing their virulence and lethality , larger species would not have survived such murderous competition .	`` more than sure , '' said branno .	0
i was just gon na suggest that .	i was about to propose .	1
vinnie really wanted to do this movie and there was no stopping him .	his accusations were supported by the noise of the delegation .	0
yeah , 'cause we all sell apples round here , do n't we ?	we all sell the same apples , right ?	1
let go !	maybe i squeezed the trigger .	0
but when the tank is empty , it will all be over .	but when the tank is emptied , it will be over .	1
he heard the light click on , the way he had always heard it when mary went up before him .	what is it ?	0
i thought she deserved someone who would look after her ...	`` i understand her , too , '' said trevize , shaking his hand , indicating that he did not understand everything .	0
if you attempt to impair my access to these materials , i will have you prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law .	yeah , if the penalties lasted a little longer , we 'd be good .	0
all rescue personnel on scene , apparently we have an other victim who has gone into the hole at the mine .	this was a battle until the end and electrify c1 still worked .	0
its trade marks were complex , having in common the english word ‘ bridge ’ , accompanied by other signs .	he 's still here , dave .	0
the quest is my burden .	my job is my burden .	1
my brother !	little brother !	1
all right , well , i 'm gon na hit it .	all right , i 'm going .	1
principal reynolds is an administrator .	principal reynolds is a clerk .	1
& import feeds ...	the man is obviously insane .	0
but i will give it my very best shot .	but i 'll do my best .	1
he 's bloody weird , if you ask me .	okay , we 'll be right there .	0
you look comfortable with that thing in your mouth .	that thing in your mouth fits .	1
no . just wait outside , i 'll call you .	wait ... wait outside .	1
brother hong , do you remember that mrs. hong once said our kung fu skills ... are n't too much of a big deal ?	brother hong , do you remember when mrs honong once told you that your kung fu was useless ?	1
it 'll lead them straight to us .	it 's going to bring them right to us .	1
`` do you know who it was who -- ''	castle ... what 's this precinct , detective ?	0
he said he could set me up with some work .	he said he had a job for me .	1
it 's only coincidence that stonny 's ahead , at port road gate .	it 's just a coincidence that stonny is just there at the harbor gate .	1
and what do you think that 's gon na do ?	did you run into saint maureen ?	0
really ? she does n't care about professionalism .	he does n't care about professionalism .	1
a man is coming your way to kill you .	he 's headed your man to kill you .	1
are you seeing anyone by any chance ?	you can sell this at the white house , maybe even in congress , but not to me .	0
his idea , not mine .	not mine .	1
am i missing anything ? - mm-mmm .	i 'm sorry . no one can touch her .	0
but there 's no reason to .	but we do n't have a reason .	1
something other than population had come out of the danian sanctuary where the tyrant 's grandmother , the lady jessica , had lived out her days .	mayday !	0
barring any national security emergency , i think i might have a shot .	the commission referred to above in footnote 40 .	0
if daniel was right , and he always is , ... ..it 'll be another 1 50 years before that happens again .	that 's exactly what this is about .	0
i ca n't . my legs do n't work .	in a previous interview , you confirmed to me that you would never return to afghanistan .	0
`` who might it be… ? '' escobedo asked as the car came around a sweeping turn .	`` who might be ... ? '' escobedo asked as the car drove through a sharp curve .	1
that would make a great story ... ... if i could find any shred of evidence or a source that would talk .	i think it would be a great story ... if i found a piece of evidence , or a source that would be willing to talk ...	1
he used to run with thornton and me .	he worked with thornton and me .	1
stay on her .	keep her in .	1
( border guard ) do n't forget , it 's only a three-day visa .	remember , it 's only a three-day visa .	1
she was nine million kilometers astern of her enemies and losing ground steadily .	they 're taking this city out .	0
i 'm not the only one you helped , but the only one paying .	i 'm not the only one who 's indebted to you , but i 'm the only one who 's paying .	1
yes . suspended last week .	we all feel it .	0
the initial inventory of the library failed .	could not create library inventory .	1
in a sense , much like teachers .	from a certain point of view , they 're like teachers .	1
all three of the victims'soccer jersies were found behind the motel peter chambers has been staying at for the last week .	i made some .	0
extraterrestrials on a mission to advance mankind ?	it 's not just about sam , is it ?	0
i 'm making conversation with her .	i 'm talking to her !	1
she falls down to her death .	and if they 're not , i 've never been welcome .	0
left him with permanent brain damage .	you want it alphabetically or chronologically ?	0
'good news ?	heart ... head ...	0
he does not want you in the office .	i just joined .	0
doors continued sliding open on command .	10,000 won .	0
lucy , you 're not tellin´ me what 's goin´ on !	lucy , you do n't tell me what 's going on !	1
and they told us that for six months you had been harrassing their daughter .	they said ... ... he molested their daughter ... ... six months .	1
where 's my ship ?	i ca n't believe it .	0
i even look like mom .	so we 're going to enjoy the biggest delicacy in this wedding present .	0
and we loved each other ... ... but could n't seem to make it work .	and we loved each other , but it did n't work .	1
i forgot about that one .	have n't we stopped somewhere ?	0
will you unzip my dress ?	would you break my clothes ?	1
mom , i 'm proud of you .	well , i 'm proud of you .	1
everything was smooth .	that 's really nice of you .	0
then old man tompkins struck it rich a few miles north of silver city ... and thejumpers moved in and killed him .	then old tompkins came on a vein , a couple miles from silver city ... and the thieves came and killed him .	1
this is ketchup . –you said you were gon na use kool-aid ! –sorry .	i 'm just saying that there might be a little chance she might - she might have picked up a little bit .	0
why ? why have they taken you off the case ?	so you 're saying you work on television ?	0
how about if i make you a key ?	+ 33 0298580211 fax + 33 0298589051 courriel : opob objeb.com fra 010 ( 2 ) ( d )	0
i guess i 'll see you guys around .	i 'm sure i 'll see you .	1
and you 've always got away with it ... ..because people did n't know who you were .	and every time , you got away with it because people did n't know you .	1
and we headed inside , and i had them in the east wing ready to roll at half-past on the nose , per my directive .	it 's a private bank that lends money to the government for the entire country - for interest .	0
he was only eighty-six ; but since he had declined rejuvenation on a matter of principle , he resembled an unwrapped oriental mummy .	he was only eighty-six ; however , by principle he refused the rejuvenation , reminiscent of the expansive oriental mummies .	1
anyhow , i have to go see first .	well , i have to look around first .	1
how 's things ?	you showed me a lot of miracles on my big ship , but there 's still one thing i do n't know .	0
89 – see points 37and 40 above .	89 - see paragraphs 37 and 40 above .	1
what 's not to understand ? ”	what do you not understand ? ``	1
oh , mary poppins said that , did she ?	that will be the end of all the forces of the foundation .	0
jarlaxle moved without a whisper down the darker , tighter avenues surrounding the lesser houses .	i 'm afraid i could have gotten infected too .	0
“ wait a minute , everybody , ” edward said , trying to cheer himself as well as the others .	`` wait a minute , please ! '' edward said , trying to make sure of the others and himself .	1
there are some very awkward turns .	there are awkward corners .	1
even tymbrimi boys made her nervous , and robert was an alien !	you do n't like radio wave ?	0
he was glad she was n't there to see this happen .	ih he was glad he was n't here and he does n't have to look at this .	1
yeah , he 's some hotshot pitcher trying to be me .	yeah , it 's like a pitcher of a pitcher who 's trying to be like me .	1
her brokerage house says that she complains about commissions more than they 'd like , but other than that , she 's clean .	her firm says she is complaining about the authorities more than they would like to , but else she 's clean .	1
he never appeared fatigued ; he often volunteered to keep watch while the others slept .	he never looked tired ; he willingly took over the watch while others slept .	1
additionally the notified body may pay unexpected visits to the relevant sites of the applicant ( s ) .	lu moselle luxembourgeise followed by the name of the vine , followed by appellation contrôlée wine with a protected designation of origin ( pdo )	0
ice cream or fruit or you could have one of those little summer puddings ... ... but i 'd have to defrost it .	ice cream , fruit , or this summer pudding , but i 'd have to break it down .	1
a small town in east texas ,	there was a young genius in a small town in texas ...	1
what can i tell ya -- i 'm not into that stuff anymore .	what can i say , i 'm not for that kind of thing anymore .	1
i think lily foundry is an it .	no one asked him to ...	0
each of the general provisions of the directive has to be seen against this background .	right behind us - a son or a friend ?	0
yeah , itґs a stripe .	yeah , a strip .	1
it might be hard for you to understand , because it 's my world	it may be a problem for you to understand , because it 's my world .	1
lead 1 - square wave	`` the land is rotten .	0
well , what 's wrong with our coffee ?	it 's my honor that i do n't deserve .	0
you 're blaming him for going out with a woman .	they 'll feed us and eat us .	0
i suspected there was some past horror that made him this way .	i assume there was some history of the horror that leads him this way .	1
apparently there was some sort of banana in the transmission .	i roasted a pint of nuts at the top of an active volcano .	0
jar of pickles and marmite that expired five years ago .	a jar of cucumbers and poppies , expired five years ago .	1
so one of the first things cus ever told me was this invention called the willie .	worlds like yours , where the soul resides within the body of a human .	0
you 're still stalling .	you think i 'm doing this for alcohol ?	0
he could beat him , he knew he could .	`` not an idea , '' said riley .	0
i 'm not great with records .	i 'm not very good at the record .	1
`` after this major grand mal convulsion ,	`` after this powerful grand mal seizure	1
promise me that you wo n't do it again . do n't `` mmm '' me .	promise me you wo n't show up !	1
tragedy makes you tight , you know ?	tragedy will bring you down , you know ?	1
the village needs skilled men , - especially now , because i 'm wounded .	that 's a nice way to murder .	0
set b , please	course b , please .	1
yeah , maybe , but does n't really seem like we have a choice , do we ?	such a situation can not lead to any reduction , adjustment , withdrawal , withdrawal or suspension of benefits under that provision .	0
pardon me , guv .	i 'm sorry , sir .	1
i 'm not fighting with you about this anymore .	look , if you want rope ... a lot of people do n't know this ... but you want to use a knot .	0
no , this is not possible , lady .	it 's not possible , miss .	1
would that be okay ? '	answer from the commission ( 4 january 2005 )	0
it still says suicide , freddie .	there 's still a `` suicide , '' freddie .	1
do n't you like it ? - no .	i 'm very proud of the o.s.s. , and especially on the new spy kids section .	0
whatever that energy is , it 's eating him from the inside out .	i do n't know what kind of energy it is , but it 's eating it from the inside .	1
you blow your money on dames ?	i blame him , i screwed up .	0
`` i do n't think i know what 's true , anymore .	`` i do n't know what the truth is .	1
if i had n't caught you , you 'd have gone on stealing . - no .	peter does n't play foreboding .	0
so you did n't show up for your talk with bishop .	it was n't their money , and everyone likes you , so he gets away with it .	0
i know a real man like you ... would break my neck if i so much as laid a finger on you .	i know how a real man you are ... you 'd break my neck without even touching your finger .	1
this number 's probably useless .	traitors !	0
however , i made my mind up after 5 minutes .	miranda said you dropped by .	0
'how long have you been with raven ? '	`` how long do you ride with raven ? ''	1
how is colonel o'neill ?	jonas major , how are you , colonel o'neill ?	1
but he forgot the inside of the bottle when he shoved the rags in the silencer .	the numbers for this month ... have shown that those who are involved have a short life , and they go bust short .	0
it sounded petty to say he 'd started it , but he had .	if i said he started it would sound petty , but it 's true .	1
any decision adversely affecting an official shall state the grounds on which it is based . ’	any decision relating to a complaint to an official shall indicate the reasons on which it is based .	1
i want to make a movie .	i want to tape the movie .	1
oh , gary , what a beautiful locket .	gary , this is a beautiful pendant .	1
and you gave her a knife .	the appropriate measures included the introduction of capital controls to stop its escape .	0
wear a long sleeve shirt and a red baseball cap .	either way , we should go through some of our past cases , just in case .	0
katie said her dad still had to stand trial .	you ca n't do it , mom .	0
come on ! - gon na leave us like you left my dad ?	you 're leaving us like you left dad ?	1
danish ?	danish !	1
cia ?	the cia .	1
think `` qapla ' ! ''	gay bitches !	0
judy marshall puts his former beloveds on the shelf ; she exposes them as whims and fancies , riddled with false ego and a hundred crippling insecurities .	judy marshall ditches his former lovers on the shelf ; she reveals them as a whimsical bedrock full of fake ego and hundreds of crippling minders .	1
both of you , butts up . - i 'm trying .	the yanks do n't think so , but they 're wrong .	0
actually , i think it 's a good sign .	`` i ca n't go on ...	0
what the hell are you doing ? –i do n't have time for this . –why ?	what the hell are you doing ?	1
they must make 50 pattys out of buffalo maneuver and slap them on a wall to dry in the sun .	a singer .	0
look , i tell you what .	the tlulaxa did n't care about tiny mathematical details , only whether the proposal would work if it was properly developed .	0
you still would n't know .	either way , you would n't know .	1
i 'll get you those pages .	jedi at the census	0
don montero , why are you still here ?	you know i 'd do anything for you .	0
i 'll meet you there in a little bit .	i 'll meet you there in a minute .	1
mmm . delicious cake .	the library , the park , by the nurse .	0
ai n't no blue suit for the black soldiers . blue suits for the whites .	we 're still together .	0
but seriously , i actually have a way normal life for a teenage girl .	but i really have a life like a normal girl .	1
i did a dirty on new york .	we 're best friends , okay ?	0
she took three , washing them down with the last of her jolt .	and because of his eccentricities , i fell in love with him , you know ?	0
i do n't understand why women are so obsessed about getting married .	why are women obsessed with getting married ?	1
it started in my hand , and it 's ... it 's all through my body .	now it 's all over my body .	1
i know that your marriages are n't exclusive .	i 'm sorry to be late , ma'am .	0
and then you had to push it , and now an agent 's dead .	after the cold war , mr. diebold worked in a covert program for the cia , when he sought dangerous soviet agents .	0
'cause there 's absolutely no reason for you to go into work before the sun is comfortable in the sky .	because there 's no reason why you should go to work before the sun is on the sky .	1
we 're stuck on this carjacking murder ... thought you might be able to help us out .	we were stuck in the murder of a car theft . we thought you might be able to help us .	1
if we 're gon na be in a marriage and trust each other , you ca n't lie to me ever .	if we 're supposed to be married and trusted , you 'll never lie to me again .	1
i 'm actually working with her now .	but let 's not pretend it 's unjustified .	0
the election is tomorrow .	he will vote tomorrow .	1
she is not real !	if you do n't , never mind	0
'no , not blood , ' insisted maldrak .	oh .	0
twenty-two weeks is enough for an embryo to grow arms and legs .	this was his idea .	0
it 's not a letter , it 's a poem ,	i do n't write a letter , but a poem .	1
it was beautiful , even though it happened a day after it was supposed to .	total 2.3 support the polish authorities confirmed that dell applied for support in may 2006 .	0
in some of them consultation and information procedures are well organised and in others they need considerable improvement .	but it was n't lightning this time , but the diffuse , more muted lights played on the horizon , then died away .	0
several , actually , in our office .	what am i looking at ?	0
this is a bad thing , particularly because tv2 is exceptional in that it holds a dominant position on the advertising market .	he wanted tools ... a tool .	0
i want the excitement , the romance , you know ?	if i have what ?	0
umberto 's brotheralready hit on me , and most of his family thinks i 'm a pervert , but thanks .	that 's true .	0
was not an option . - i know .	i know .	1
when will you go public with this ?	no , i just put it in the wrapper .	0
she will have an extraordinary opportunity to explore the galaxy as one of us .	i was too tired to think about anything - not even about jesse .	0
this man is a child molester .	this guy is a pedophile .	1
are you okay ? yes .	i tried !	0
either the boy can submit to an order ... ... or he 's not capable of home life .	he can either be able to submit to a specific order , or he ca n't be in a home .	1
say , peace-maker , i believe you got your spurs all tangled up there , have n't you ?	listen , stranger , i think your spurs have gotten really tangled up , do n't you ?	1
restructuring requires a withdrawal from activities which would remain structurally loss making in the medium term .	the truth , the one who screamed .	0
why even bother using mark 's gun ?	why do you fuck with mark 's gun ?	1
i 'm sending over o'ikelly and some guys from occb .	i 'm sending you o'kelly and a couple of boys in special .	1
i want to push myself , find out how fast i can really go .	i want her to plant herself , find out how quickly i 'm really going .	1
spring came round .	it 's spring again .	1
shotgun blast , close range .	man and woman ...	0
paper money do n't whisper to you ... ... like gold does through six inches of steel .	there would n't be a decaying fossil to visit or across the road .	0
morton once told me i could never be like him .	and you throw the metal parts into the sewers .	0
his face was growing very red .	do n't be afraid .	0
tion of citizens ;	citizens ;	1
my wife would prefer me to be here and try to sort things out .	my wife wants me to fix this .	1
if you want me , come and get me !	he does n't know what he 's saying .	0
i mean , if -- who 's gon na live and who 's gon na die , but please , please ...	`` we have to have contacts between mckito and abnethe if we want to map out and pinpoint its location , '' tuluk recalled .	0
length of time between the starting point of credit and the first repayment of principal 4 .	the lag between the starting point of the loan and the first instalment of the principal 4 .	1
he 's the strongest man i 've ever seen . '	teacher , you have to stop , you 're a model for everyone else .	0
everybody has their moment of great opportunity in life .	everyone has a moment of great opportunity .	1
solid gold .	you should have been there .	0
thirty-six-year-old , non-smoking , junior high science teacher started coughing blood in the middle of homeroom .	a 36-year-old non-smoker , a science teacher at central started coughing up blood in the middle of a three-day clock .	1
slower .	we should have talked to the pistoler together when he finished .	0
it 's your imagination , frau haller .	it 's just your imagination , mrs. holler .	1
`` does n't matter , though .	`` anyway , it does n't matter .	1
i can see why you have such intense daddy-stuff with him .	why do you pee on a lemon ?	0
put my wife on the phone .	an 180 , damaged silicone insulation ... ... on an electric connector of a purifier pump ... ... could release flammable liquids .	0
wo n't he , joe ?	if you try to stop me from accessing this material , i 'll be prosecuted under the law in its entirety .	0
from søilerød to hvidovre , we'il get a large sum of money ?	from sollerodd to hvidovre , we 'll get some money , okay ?	1
it 's a fantasy of mine .	it 's my sex fantasy .	1
passes issued to career-type consular local staff :	you know very well .	0
it is not possible to include an equivalent table for effective rates , given the differing methods of calculating them .	for the different methodology of calculating the effective tax rate , it is not possible to process their comparison in the table .	1
now ... faded and broken just like me .	now ... it 's abandoned and broken like mine .	1
every time you 're on television , i get mentioned .	what can i help with ?	0
very well , nando .	all right , nando .	1
rum , to where we go ?	the man will kill him with any involvement , and if he does not kill him , he will surely kill one of them .	0
`` quite . ''	i 'll see the young master at the party in his honor .	0
and he gave me a wife on earth ...	do n't you have some sick defenseless animals that you would chase ?	0
which is cool .	they 're with their son in london .	0
i have .	i have mine .	1
is it a nice one , your tool ?	is he handsome , your instrument ?	1
beneath , in the center , was a small metal pod .	below was a small metal capsule .	1
`` give me a break . ''	`` leave me alone . ''	1
god damn , you got a mouth on you , woman .	the father and uncle burnet left for food yesterday .	0
how he escaped communism is more than i 'll ever know . ''	i 'm sure you have better things to do .	0
um ... you do n't look well .	come on , i was n't ready to have a baby with cindy .	0
( echoing ) doctor .	antra ?	0
he 'll drink of it and he 'll become immortal .	and he will be immortal .	1
after the match , all that money gets put in a lockbox and taken to an armored car .	after the game , they 'll put all the money in the vault , which will take the armored car .	1
: come on !	come on !	1
head of scripts .	the head of the screenplay .	1
where is this relationship headed ?	where does our relationship go ?	1
he-he can reach me at , um-	he can find me at number , at ... 555- 7507 .	1
and it will be good for you to spend some time with kids who do n't run around with cameras and monster make-up .	you ca n't come in here in this suit and ask for a beer .	0
what kind of carnival company are you ?	maisl heard me and jumped up , raised his bow , and put an arrow on the string .	0
all right , let her come through this way .	( if there are no reports in queues , there may be much longer . )	0
roll camera .	camera and ...	1
the compensatory payment shall be fixed on a per hectare basis and regionally differentiated .	the compensation shall be determined per hectare and shall be varied by region .	1
it 's like trying to hold the sky or sail across land .	it 's like trying to keep up the sky or float around on solid ground .	1
starring robbie shapiro .	i should be on my list .	0
1967–68 european cup winners ' cup	you might as well shoot me , but he 'll come next and say the same thing .	0
you will become a target , but there is a weapon here that very few people know about .	he 'll be a target , but i 've got a gun that only a few people know .	1
that was not me , okay ?	we 're not entirely sure .	0
what do you expect him to believe ?	i 'm never here .	0
it 's from bolivia , to heather 's home address here .	it 's from bolivia , addressed to her home .	1
smells like home , huh , mr. miyagi ?	as at home , is n't it , mr. miyagi ?	1
i 'd rather live in here and die in here than be apart from you .	i 'd rather live here and die here than have you out of my life .	1
here i come !	vi - legal questions a - preliminary observations 38 .	0
that 's less than when we got it ?	that 's less than we put in .	1
well , if there 's a problem we 'll just change the tablecloths .	i 'm going to tell anson that you 're sick - you poisoned or something in that sense .	0
a dead cricket fell out of it and struck the floor with a dry desert click .	see , i told you you 'd be fine .	0
what 's happenin ' , rev ? come on , man , talk to me !	it 's like a vacuum . $ 20 , jack .	0
plan and elevation drawings of every floor in angel 's hotel .	plans and blueprints of every floor of angelo 's hotel .	1
`` are you this quick in russian ? ''	`` the key is to let itself make its way .	0
dance . - you , what ?	dance .	1
a beautiful woman fled my house last night and the only clue i have to her identity is this shoe she left behind .	there was a girl missing from my house last night , and the only thing i can tell her is this slipper .	1
what 's going on over there ? what 's with all the whispering ?	what are you whispering about ?	1
you reallydo n't have to work that hard .	it was inappropriate .	0
brigitte fitzgerald , please report to guidance . brigitte fitzerald to guidance .	brigitte fitzgerald , report to the counselor .	1
thats ellens idea of me .	this is ellenina 's idea of me .	1
thank you so very much .	thank you , thank you .	1
we could do something more age-appropriate like listen to npr or drink ensure or something like that .	a very strong elixir of love .	0
he bent his head down to kiss her , and there he caught the scent of the dream angel perfume , and somehow it suited the moment perfectly .	what about the break ?	0
i 'm gon na take you . i 'm gon na take everybody .	naomi said you always overreacted .	0
i mean , the man coached my dad , all my brothers .	he trained my father and every brother .	1
he 's an expert physicist .	the commission shall ensure that the right of beneficiaries is respected .	0
he could n't raise the subject with crocodile dongo .	he could not pass this item to crocodile dongs .	1
that means , you take the empathy of a regular person , a normal person . and you divide that by that , say , 20,000 .	so if you take the compassion of a normal person and you divide it into , say , twenty thousand .	1
that 's not her style .	are you all right , sir ?	0
it 's for his sake i rode here so hard i damn near killed my horse .	like you 're digging into burning buildings while everyone else is running away .	0
( jo ) i do n't think anyone 's here .	the provisions of the preceding sub-paragraphs shall not apply to laws specifying the exception or in time-limited acts. ``	0
and brunch .	i 'll catch up .	0
nonprofit organisations may apply for financial help from the program „prazdroj to people “	this face is going to sell motor oil .	0
yeah . cool .	i 'll go buy you cigarettes .	0
you getting this ?	you got it ?	1
she led me out of vile slavery .	she led me out of rampant slavery .	1
it seems that you do not faring well .	it seems like you 're not doing well .	1
ever since you people moved in , there 's been nothing but trouble . i did n't want to wake you , chérie .	who 's calling ?	0
a plan ? sounds more like a conspiracy .	she was there , she could n't just disappear .	0
i 'm afraid seeing you again rather knocked all the faith out of me .	the fact that i saw you again deprived me of all faith .	1
then i met bruno .	that 's where i met bruno .	1
could 've gone as vanilla ice .	i could go to vanilla ice .	1
it was a role .	it was a part .	1
is that fast enough for you ?	i can move in on monday . is it quick enough for you ?	1
whether kamali succeeds or fails , once this is done , there will be a hunt the likes of which has never been seen .	whether kamali succeeds or loses once it 's over , the hunt will never be seen before .	1
i just told them a joke , that 's all .	i just called them a joke , period .	1
you married or something ?	they all got written .	0
there 's still miles to go .	that 's miles .	1
commission directive 1999/21/ec ( 3 ) lays down requirements for dietary foods for special medical purposes .	commission directive 1999 / 21 / ec ( 3 ) lays down dietary requirements for specific medical purposes .	1
void payment order	cancel payment order	1
meg is a sensational actress .	meg is a sensational herectomy .	1
all shot by madmen .	are those the energy data of the border ?	0
sil ?	not even sil ?	1
`` i shall be delivered of corruption .	i will be freed from corruption .	1
i know he looks cute ... but this one 's supposed to have teeth like ginsu knives .	he went to get the car .	0
there 's a mutiny ! - look out , mills !	look out , mills !	1
all i see is blood and horror .	renner looked at her in astonishment : base six was nearly four light-minutes behind .	0
jewelry usually descends to the eldest son , and he is most likely to have the same name as the father .	perhaps - perhaps i have tarnished one of the cleanest and deepest lasses ever established between a man and a woman ! ...	0
it 's just a comee , there 's nothing wrong with that .	it 's just coffee , there 's nothing wrong with it .	1
( where is the other german ? )	he 's going with the police .	0
well , as a coroner , i 'm hoping this is the extent of my involvement .	as a coroner i hope it 's an extension of my participation .	1
i feel incredible .	i feel incredibly .	1
no , señor . - you 're sure ?	he 's worth nothing compared to the diamonds .	0
we ca n't lift it .	we ca n't pick it up .	1
that 's probably becauseyou do n't work on wall street .	brandon hits back again .	0
vanya lvan .	vanya ivan .	1
wan na come with me , daddio ?	do you want to come with me , dad ?	1
amoratus pathum laborium !	he was serving me bullshit about artistic differences .	0
what style would you like for printed reports ?	the czechoslovak envoy in brazil was john havlas , due to the smooth course of our participation .	0
a number of round tables were set up , with several of them already occupied .	personal stuff , robbie .	0
one point at a time , peter . one point at a time .	i 'll talk to you later , okay ?	0
i was bro-ing you out .	i was just cutting you out .	1
that country is called the palatinate and its lords , for a few generations anyway , were protestant heroes .	no , i wo n't try again .	0
you can track him down , but you ca n't disturb him .	you can look him up , but not to bother .	1
the gnomes watched , wordless , as the cloudmaster drew away from their lost friend .	let the fun begin .	0
bocas del toro province	i pushed him aside .	0
we 'd better get you boys back in the hospital .	we ca n't go very far .	0
yeah , but they 're cleaning the dead flesh out of my back wound .	yeah , but they eat dead meat from my wound on my back .	1
got the wind up , have you ?	that 's the guy i wanted to see .	0
i 'm curious :	* or we 'll fuck you up *	0
she said , director chol ...	david 's not like that .	0
impact in ten seconds !	i 'm sure uncle ted is too .	0
woman : no pulse .	no pulse !	1
bit dramatic , innit ?	a little dramatic , no ?	1
use whatever you want .	do what you want .	1
`` it 's like swimming , caalador , ' stragen said .	'it 's like swimming , caalador , 'stragen reassured him .	1
the commission is of the opinion that this is a useful clarification which seems easier to monitor for the member states .	the commission considers that this is an appropriate explanation , which seems more easily traceable to the member states .	1
`` not ever .	so meganin 's ex ?	0
and they turned off the cameras .	and they shut off the cameras .	1
come on , get up . it 's okay , i ...	come on , get up .	1
he was so drunk	he was drunk .	1
i got a friend who thinks that i screwed him over .	my friend thinks i ratted him out .	1
he signaled for guenhwyvar to hold back , then crept up within throwing range of the guard .	you did n't talk much in the car .	0
there is no periodic table but mendeleev 's ! ''	try .	0
what makes us omniscient ?	article 11 repeal decision 2008 / 284 / ec and 2011 / 274 / eu are repealed with effect from 1 january 2015 .	0
the signal shall be given by simultaneous operation of the direction-indicator lamps in accordance with the requirements of paragraph 6.3 above .	6.9. no 6.9.1. signal shall be given the present function of the direction indicator lamps in accordance with paragraph 6.3 above .	1
see how you get that off ?	you see how it goes down ?	1
changes to eu legislation to permit the co-financing of working capital for smes still need to be implemented by the greek authorities .	no .	0
it would 've looked beautiful in the air .	he must have looked great in the air .	1
humpty dumpty had a great fall .	humpty dumpty fell from a height .	1
smell the mountain air .	but i 'm not going to hang out with my own son .	0
and the money never came between you ?	if i need help , i 'll say .	0
ayne , you 're an asshole .	wayne , you 're an idiot .	1
it temporarily neutralizes their abilities .	it will temporarily neutralize their capabilities .	1
some room ?	amoratus pathum laborious !	0
say , you know , that was n't true what you said about teachers .	please leave her alone !	0
- i promise ... i 'll make it worth your while .	why did you scream when you 've fooled me so far ?	0
the work , too ?	so can i have a second base with both of them ?	0
go on inside .	show me you 're worth it .	0
he 's just one guy , lieutenant .	he 's alone , lieutenant .	1
did you have an incident or are you , uh , just cautious ?	did you have a problem or are you just being cautious ?	1
you could be on line with somebody .	even though i grew up without a male model ?	0
her husband was a cop in the 14th district and a bona fide hero	edwards sat down at the sergeants and began studying the maps .	0
but we need to get holck . –if we fail , we 'll stand alone . –if we succeed , we 'll be stronger .	how should he have understood them ?	0
charlie , this woman you 're seeing is a mother figure .	'goodbye , my friend , 'she said loudly , putting his face on his .	0
it was nice meeting you .	`` you uncovered us when you came here , '' tung said .	0
or better still , send me the report .	thank you .	0
this ... contraption , for instance .	but guys , guys , if we want to get through , you know what we have to do ?	0
what did we miss ? if we knew , he would n't be dead .	if we knew this , he would n't be dead .	1
the storm was a mess , you know ?	it was a mess , the hurricane .	1
* or we 'll drag in your bones *	it gives them total freedom .	0
`` the song of me rising from bed and meeting the sun. ``	a poem about me getting out of bed and seeing the sun. ``	1
cadprofi general commands :	cadprofi general commands : frames and tables	1
he 's stealing 'em .	a paramedic ! `` he added , as he did not know how the troops at the ground military call it .	0
gaspode curled up so close to the fire that he steamed .	gaspode curled himself into a ball so close to the fire that the vapors came out of him .	1
so you did n't have any trouble getting here or anything ?	so did you get in here without any trouble ?	1
bigger question is , what does ba'al want with adria ?	the better question is , what does he want baal adrian for ?	1
we 'll have to take our chances .	we have to risk our chances .	1
capture him ! no !	`` have you done anything ? ''	0
another time , i guess . good night , frank .	uh , you mean the one you broke my nose for .	0
it 's time to fuck .	it 's time for a shag .	1
get out of there , burbank .	get down , burbank .	1
however , it believes that ryanair ’ s website was unusual in that it had an exceptional value ( 101 ) .	matty pounded my hard shell , and i grew up in a love affair .	0
“ call ” means a connection established by means of a publicly available electronic communications service allowing two-way voice communication. ’ ;	( s ) `` call '' means a concentration effected through a publicly available electronic communications service that enables two-way voice communications ; . ``	1
then i 'll finish it myself .	then i 'll do it my way .	1
yielding to his strength , comforted by his presence , she felt a sweet , searing warmth .	i 'm telling you ... that place does exist .	0
web part that shows the three newest listings in each subarea under home : news .	web part showing three recent listings in each subordinate area of the home page : contributions .	1
the seas of europa would have frozen completely solid long ago without the influence of nearby jupiter .	if not for the influence of jupiter , the sea on europa would have long lost its way to the bottom .	1
love the hat .	he is taking hostages from the following families as a guarantee of good will .	0
i wan na find out how i wound up in the hospital .	i could find out why i ended up in hospital .	1
randy might not have gotten the results he wanted ... but it looked like i was starting to get the results i wanted .	randy might not have achieved what he wanted , but it seemed like i had achieved what i wanted .	1
we 're heading into a bad time .	it 's going to be a bad time .	1
we have visual .	we have visual contact .	1
when tested at ‘ high idle ’ speed ( i.e . > 2 000 min .	do n't look at me .	0
what the devil are you on about , old boy ?	thoughtful .	0
article 2 directive 74/649/eec shall be repealed .	i want you to take this place .	0
the visa issued will be a uniform , multiple-entry visa for a maximum period of only three months from the date of first entry .	my doctor told me it was a common thing , but ...	0
i 'm sorry , arturo , but yes , i 've got two boyfriends .	right , steve ?	0
yes ? l think you 've found something .	i think you found something .	1
why are you still arguing with this guy ?	why do you keep talking to this guy ?	1
then he says he 'll get me a sedative and that he understands everything quite well .	yeah , dad , i 'm fine .	0
and that 's when i realised i would never be strong enough to break neena 's hold over me .	i 'll have to send one of my men there .	0
before i express an opinion i want to place him on a slab and slice him up .	before i express my opinion , i want to put him on the autopsy table and cut him up .	1
tom ? i do n't have a problem with it .	tom ?	1
can he really fly ? man 3 :	you prophets and priests created the gods to pray to them for fear of humans .	0
nodding tiredly , collet walked over to the base of the old ladder and grasped the bottom rungs .	a couple of weeks is enough for an embryo to grow his hands .	0
21 article 8 of the same directive , which is entitled ‘ sanctions and remedies ’ , provides :	21 article 8 of the same directive , headed `` penalties and safeguards , '' provides :	1
aided and abetted by you , his demon , and your blue engine .	controlled by you , his demon , and by yours , your blue machine .	1
no cards ?	not even a card ?	1
yo , the shit ai n't there , man .	hey , it 's just not here , man .	1
we warmed his shoes before we put them on .	if you break your leg , we 'll put it in plaster .	0
and ultimately it was converted into a christian space maybe third century .	the plan is to refuel in hawaii , so sit down and fasten your seat belt .	0
but you know what ? this is fine .	but you know what , it 's okay .	1
it 's like a giant gym bag full of basketballs .	do n't hesitate to go to the phone and dial 63-45789 .	0
no problem , mrs. preston .	not much , mrs. preston .	1
i 'm just trying to break the tension , that 's all .	it 's okay .	0
you knew it was wrong and you let him have it .	your new girl is in boston talking to the president for his web site .	0
how does that feel ?	how does it fit ?	1
they do men 's and women 's hair in the same room at the same time .	start page en / passanger en / volvo cz / volvo 340 sk / volvo 340 pl / volvo 340 de / volvo 340 en / volvo 340	0
what are the plans ? ''	it took less than five bloody and perplexing minutes .	0
simple , to the point ... ... and i swear i wo n't even try to take credit for it .	victory ca n't just be a dream .	0
i want to see the guy kozlov 's talking to . nell :	i want to see who kozlov is talking to .	1
oh , he will come .	marty moved cautiously toward the wire fence .	0
what you 're telling me , it 's a good thing .	shut up or you 'll get it .	0
if you change your mind , come to po chi lam . thank you .	if you need anything , come to po chi lam .	1
they gotno jurisdiction here .	they have no jurisdiction here .	1
jeffreys had sent murderers to slay him—two cheers !	on which jeffreys sent assassins to kill him : two cheers !	1
before you inject aranesp you must do the following :	she hesitated for a moment , as if she did n't believe her eyes .	0
we never discussed a mole - i.a.d . is trackin'it for me .	we never discussed a mole .	1
hey , i just saw what you want .	along a fifteen-foot-long trench in the forest ground , a shovel was filled with a shovel , a shovel and a crowbar .	0
`` they do n't exist .	`` there 's no one .	1
brim watched his main turrets swinging as range finders measured the swiftly narrowing distance .	brim watched as the main disruptor towers rotated , while the gunmen on their long-meters converters took a rapidly shrinking distance .	1
why would you want to dress in the hall ? - stay here . - why get dressed out in the hall ?	it is important for us that to meet today 's needs , including energy , should not affect the possibility of future generations to meet their own needs .	0
i may have mentioned it to janice .	returns a string of characters that indicate the size of the number :	0
well , we should hang out some other time .	he anticipates the needs of the guests before they are needed .	0
why are you going to dubrovnik ?	yeah , a big belt on the back .	0
about your vows ... you might leave out the part where you call her a `` slightly shallow girl . ''	you could skip the part where you refer to her as a `` bit of a shallow girl . ''	1
can we know the name , address and phone number of this lucky girl .	name , address and phone number .	1
it is necessary to lay down the procedures for applying certain provisions of the saa .	competition - cartel agreements - uniform in mutual agreement - meaning ( art . 81 ( 1 ) ec )	0
payments letitia continues to make to this day .	letitia is sending these payments to the present day .	1
is there somewhere you need to be ?	do you need somewhere else ?	1
and we got on fine .	i can do it , man .	0
`` that is why i thought perhaps – under the circumstances – ''	then you found the right one .	0
portreeve ... the visitor 's strange illness has progressed beyond my power to heal .	the atc will give you the coordinates for a safe landing .	0
well we 'll see how the contents of your mind do , when you 're hungry and out on the street .	it will be a tax on the right to life .	0
all you do is lie !	you 're still lying .	1
bringing your work home again , eh , charlie ?	put me down now !	0
timing is of the utmost importance .	the timing is very important	1
you went against vatican orders , risking execution , to get your hands on the book of leaves .	colin was playing with the tasian computer .	0
the guard held the spear pointing at them in one hand and said something in his harsh back-of-the-throat speech .	the keeper pointed a spear at them , and a harsh , guttural voice said something to the dog .	1
three slide view	she 's 40 years old ?	0
let 's just try to find a car .	let 's find the car .	1
i 'm fine	i 'm fine .	1
she went and knelt , folding her skirts to make a pad under her knees for working , and began digging for the root .	she knelt , kept her skirts under her , and began to dig down the root .	1
blood , bits of flesh .	the eye-eye ran first , waving his dreadful towel and encouraging all by his example .	0
i get it . no time for breakfast .	i know you do n't have time for breakfast .	1
are you freaking out or what ?	are you crazy or what ?	1
what do you mean , `` these guys '' ?	what `` these guys . ''	1
do you want to do it ?	would you like to do that ?	1
man : clear .	stay where you are !	0
changes typesize directly - without using size definitions	i 'm sure you 're just like me .	0
`` yes , one of many .	`` yes , like many others .	1
`` you need to contact the u.s. embassy , mr. langdon .	`` you must join america 's great ambassador , mr. langdon .	1
all we can do now is wait . . . . . .and hope .	really , i just want to find simon .	0
anybody seen ´em ? - they ran into the station five minutes ago .	five minutes ago they ran into the subway .	1
he nodded to show that he understood .	he nodded at the sign that he understood .	1
why do n't you grab us some coffee ?	go get us some coffee .	1
only the distant sounds of evening were audible in the deepening gloom .	no , i do n't want to see it .	0
if 007 can be trusted to look after it .	pickled beef ?	0
but like a garden dirt , like a good dirt .	one is me and the other one that killed him .	0
there 's been no chatter amongst extremist groups in regards to your victim .	there was no mention of your victim among the extremist groups .	1
i was trying . try it again .	i tried .	1
i sought you because i was concerned for you . ’	i sought you out because i 'm worried about you. ``	1
500 sesterti that the numidian and spaniard team makes it through..	500 sesterces to the ndying and spaniards if they go through ...	1
you are not a better monster than i am . ''	you 're not a better monster than me. ``	1
my brother 's in politics .	a serious mistake , ladies and gentlemen , that will torment her until the end of her career .	0
come on .	kenny , come on .	1
`` only skin deep , '' brady said , unfolding a handkerchief .	`` it 's just on the skin , '' brady said , spreading his handkerchief .	1
turns out she used those contacts to sell confidential information . that 's when she went underground .	it turns out she used them to sell secret information .	1
i 'll try calling hank .	it 's stopped .	0
'thank you , insert name here !	`` thank you , insert name !	1
that is a serious accusation , mr. hornblower and one i trust you would not make without the evidence to support it ?	why did you leave me ? ``	0
have you gentlemen ever heard 1 5.000 people cheering for you ? - of course . all the time . all the time .	we 'll be online in 15 seconds .	0
the door had blown open .	the wind opened the door .	1
and there are many ways of finding it .	take the mannequin and follow me .	0
unfortunately , there 's no luxury in war .	no other than him ... or anyone else in the city ,	0
it 's a twenty-four hour day , is n't it ?	she has 24 hours a day .	1
the closer cooperation and understanding is between all parties as regards the best forms of action , the more successful such action will be .	the closer cooperation and a stronger understanding between all the most appropriate measures will be , the better the results will be .	1
if they 're gon na talk to their own , we will go undercover .	if they do n't talk themselves , we go undercover .	1
though it was a cool night for early summer , he found he felt hot and was sweating .	although the early summer was cold , he was hot and sweaty .	1
alright , i 'll make you smile for the rest of your life .	now you 're gon na laugh for the rest of your life .	1
he gulped cold coffee .	he poured himself a cold coffee .	1
death will follow if it even touches your lips .	swathes of the catacombs will be much better this year .	0
chapter vii – landing	chapter vii	1
you 're always making a tit of yourself .	you always make an idiot out of yourself .	1
( shouts ) hang up !	now nothing was associated with any of the four contenders .	0
i do n't want to get into it laura .	i do n't want to be in the cast of laura .	1
she also said she wants me to move in with her .	she also told me to move in .	1
yeah , let 's go , guys !	yeah , let 's do it !	1
will you stop just for five minutes .	we 'll leave it at least for five minutes .	1
`` max schlepzig , '' repeats slothrop , goggling , `` quit fooling .	`` max schlepzig , '' says slothrop , rolling his eyes , `` do n't be crazy .	1
that 's why i ate their food .	japanese font gothic 18 / 20 points and bitmap fonts in iso-8859-1 for x11	0
she 'll find the help she needs at belle reve .	i do n't know all the details , but you said it was dark , right ?	0
but what bothers me about it is that i was set up on that table the same way travis marshall was set up on the altar .	and then the second , third ...	0
we 've only got four minutes after you get the call .	there 's only four minutes available after the phone call .	1
he 's going in !	let go of me !	0
well , now that the wight 's dead , their prosperity should take a nosedive .	i have my words .	0
i got no money .	for the record , no one else 's word , or we do n't even have to start .	0
like what ? an anti-william virus ?	what kind of anti-william virus ?	1
yeah , well , he kind of owed me after cutting off my hand without asking .	yeah , when he cut my hand off without asking , he 's got a bead on me .	1
simon was not sure what an'nai meant—surely they had seen hungry people before ? —but he smiled anyway .	hey , you new guy !	0
well , i thought i did .	i thought you did .	1
he remembers seeing the legion march north . but they never came back this way .	`` my old father gave it to me , '' sophie said , taking a look at the man .	0
`` for what purpose ? ''	a clerk and a painter .	0
yeah , i heard about that .	i 've heard of it .	1
henry , i ca n't hear you , you 're breaking up .	( d ) any period of review for certain uses ;	0
see , this is the good thing about having a girlfriend 9,000 miles away .	see , that 's one of the advantages of having a girlfriend 15,000 miles away ...	1
mother- they 've been arrested . i know .	what the hell are we gon na pay for this lawyer ?	0
sigrid : it is an escaped sheep .	the sheep ran away .	1
forgive me .	she definitely was n't .	0
they look at you , nod , make promises .	and they just stare , nod their heads , and promise .	1
however , the planet 's distance from popular spacing lanes had never made melange an economically attractive item .	but the planet was so distant from the usual cosmic routes that melange never started to be economically interesting .	1
this is jayne . - very nice .	fascinating .	0
we 'll sell all our goods and we 'll get back to holland rich and safe having gone round the world–the first dutchmen ever .	we will sell all our goods and return safely to holland , the rich , and along the way around the world - the first dutch .	1
more 113 trials .	we 're testing 113 .	1
okay , i know you do n't like it if i try to fix things . i 'll work on it .	the last was an estimate based on his age and walk , but he could see in his eyes that he had stuttered .	0
yeah , i want to hear about your bird act .	yeah , i want to hear you practice birds .	1
i offer myself in trade .	you should go out and find a girl .	0
just come to me , max .	i 'll drag him out next time , rizzoli .	0
i 'm on hollow earth detail .	i 'm sleepy now .	0
i 'm still angry with you , but there 's something that i want you to know .	they cut men and women in one room at the same time .	0
the full epar for eylea can be found on the agency ’ s website : ema.europa.eu/find medicine/human medicines/european public assessment reports .	`` what about the horror that the elders spoke to about punishing traitors by those of your heart-hearted psychologists ?	0
it sasha 's key .	there 's got to be something to tell us what nass is looking for in kelabra .	0
well , whatever 's going on , right now you got ta get up .	françois ?	0
i want to brighten your cloudy night .	i want to lighten up the dark night .	1
and sharp , cruel fangs ? - yes , yes !	you want to try it ?	0
bildoon had displayed great friendship in issuing his warning .	where the crowns of trees grow and children are heard to hear the bells in the snow	0
'perhaps , she did not realize what she was saying , ' my mother 's voice said , uncertainly .	`` she did n't even know what he was saying , '' her mother said .	1
they expect .	`` she 's never gon na let go , ''	0
tanks are here ! hurry !	come on !	1
he drew my hands to the lace that spilled down the front of his shirt , forced my fingers to take two handfuls of it .	i do n't think the military can do it without me .	0
beaton laughed scornfully . `` not a chance , '' she said .	we need to see the security footage from this office .	0
either one is fine with me , as long as we find a loving mommy and daddy for that baby .	going to the mall ...	0
if you flapped your arms , you 'd be home by now	if you spread your hands , you could be home by now .	1
she was found here ?	will you escort them to the rooms , please ?	0
`` at the fatal stroke of 11 p.m. , rocky wasled through the little green door of death .	`` the fatal blow of 1 1 , '' rocky went through the small green door of death .	1
on your right ! watch right !	i 'll answer for you : you did n't mean .	0
got something to show you , al .	we 'll show you something , al .	1
this woman 's done wonders with it .	this last group of records ...	0
the skin had cracked open in places and was oozing thick tears of yellow pus .	the skin was cracked , and cracks oozed from the cracks of yellow pus .	1
was that , like `` just sex '' one time , or could we just have `` just sex '' just again ?	was it just a one-time thing , or can we just have sex again ? from a dead mom to sex ?	1
the pope has damned us anyway .	the pope paid us anyway .	1
it was nestling comfortably less than half a metre from where it had been when kev first trudged into the bunker to join it .	`` what did we know about gaia ?	0
that puts it after the rain like the sheriff said .	it would look like it happened after the rain , as the sheriff called it .	1
they say that this exhaust , in this car , makes a sound that ranges from , `` the heavy rumble of a stormy night ,	you were thinking of yourself , stupid .	0
do n't worry , sir . it 's okay .	no worries , sir .	1
error making symbolic link : % s	error setting symlink : % s	1
i campaigned for him in college , you know ?	i was at his campaign college , you know ?	1
that 's what the doctors are saying .	what kind of utility company are you ?	0
`` every one of those figures was carved from life , '' i told him .	well , we have to go .	0
you know i ca n't discuss that with you .	you know i ca n't talk about it .	1
how 've things been with you ?	estonia , portugal and germany have only achieved low positioning observers on vessels for all sorts of reasons connected with costs and a lack of observers .	0
the round face of the riflebearer twisted into a scowl and his hands gripped the stock more tightly .	the round face of a man with a phaser frowned in exasperation , and his hands tightened his grip on the weapon .	1
these three mountain ranges plus the `` gate '' between the latter two form part of the european watershed .	these three mountains plus `` gateway '' are two parts of the european river basin .	1
what is it ? - hey !	what is it ?	1
revenge !	payback !	1
`` farewell , my friend , '' she said loudly , laying her cheek against his .	six to five .	0
just stay focused , okay ?	braces , darlene thought , if i was going to have them .	0
is he an inspiration for voodoo doughnuts ?	rome left us here , some gone to fight .	0
because the middle of the night was about two hours ago .	how are you doing ?	0
do you have surfin ' bird by the trashmen ?	do you have surfing bird by thrashman ?	1
an epidural anesthetic had been administered at thirteen minutes past four in the morning .	what will they do to him ?	0
those applications for leave to intervene were notified to the parties , which submitted their observations within the prescribed period .	why do n't you go to some shit and fuck up the pig ?	0
( 40 ) the hiring out of equipment does not constitute a port service .	the leasing of equipment does not form a port service .	1
fine , be superman . - okay .	okay , you 're gon na be superman .	1
`` but if it does work , and if you can clear your mind of these ephemeral financial worries , come back and see me .	there were heavy footsteps on the stairs , and a heartwarming voice cracked .	0
i belong with them .	it 's too small .	0
mommy ! i 'm gon na get a sim-pal !	the commission shall initiate an investigation into synergies with the member states .	0
can the girls come with me now and help me set up ?	`` great , '' she repeated .	0
here comes joe and his cop buddies .	joe and his police are coming .	1
|| expenditure - charged to the eu budget ( refunds/interventions ) - national authorities - other	mr. shaw , did you happen to tell me in court that this was your idea and not my client 's idea ?	0
transporter room , this is lt yar .	transporter room , lieutenant yar .	1
so saving on closing costs is good .	save on the cost of closing the contract is fine .	1
to flow text into the selected box , click yes .	let me get this straight .	0
whatam i looking at ?	it sounded so easy .	0
passing away in a prison cell says it ai n't .	not when he dies in a prison cell .	1
i did n't mean ...	item properties .	0
labelling and pagkage leaflet	labelling and package leaflet	1
no , someone switched the tanks .	you 've ruined your ex-wife 's life .	0
thank you for coming in early , everyone . diana :	thank you all for coming so soon .	1
i do n't think the bracelet will work as a portal . the dark spirit is trapped inside of a host .	i do n't think a bracelet can function as a portal until a dark soul is hidden inside the host .	1
major does n't get dumped .	major does n't get kicked off .	1
why do you ask ? he was an old teacher of jessie 's .	supporting documents and records in the wine sector	0
the method you select determines the encoding settings that are available in this session .	i have a void in my head ... .. .and i could smash your face .	0
hey , oppa bought you that hat .	they 're scared shitless .	0
'each vault , buried deep in the earth , is accessed by a drop-slot at the planet 's surface . 'it 's atomically sealed -	each vault is buried deep in the ground , and it can only be accessed from the planet 's surface .	1
18-4 , roger ?	the collar of his armor resisted , but the wound was so heavy that he broke his neck and he fell .	0
i 'll wait right here for you to return .	wait here until you get back .	1
you know , aunt josephine , curdled cave is for sale .	you 're still nothing .	0
`` you never 'eard of the black mountain remedy for foul of the foot ? '' he asked incredulously .	`` you 've never heard of that medicine from the black mountain , '' he asked incredulously .	1
canter has gone from attention public .	otherwise , there was no excuse for her , as you had now convinced yourself !	0
'but the blood is still flowing , ' she said .	'but the blood is still flowing , 'said virae .	1
`` that meeting is going to be a repetition of an event that 's been happening over and over again since the beginning of time .	this clash will only repeat events that occur again and again from the start of time .	1
yo . doc : marty , is that you ?	marty , is that you ?	1
administer supportive measures .	secure support measures .	1
we cant stay here !	his hands shook .	0
painting the roses red we 're painting the roses red	we paint red , we paint red .	1
just how are you going to do it ?	how do you want to do it ?	1
you 're gon na miss your 2:00 appointment .	how many times have i told you ?	0
ellen cohen again fluttered her eyelids .	ellen cohen 's eyelids began to work again :	1
thanks . let 's get back to work .	thank you , back to work .	1
what 's taking them so long ?	seriously ... this is what he wants me to fix .	0
should n't we name it ?	we 're not naming her ?	1
ok , we are at stop four on our tour of alexander moto 's boston properties .	the maturity of loans for clients is always contingent on dma 's ability to refinance itself under similar conditions .	0
all gone to ashford meadow .	they 're all staffers .	0
records .	she 's killing you .	0
in movies they just talk . they just talk .	he 's just talking .	1
i think you oughta think about it a little bit , because it 's nothing ...	it 's just for very , very small details and the setting back will be repaired by the snow programme .	0
the car guy ?	the car owner ?	1
look , everything 's gon na be fine .	hey , it 's gon na be okay .	1
my baby .	are you okay ?	0
i feel you are about to patronise me .	radio bomb .	0
poor alice , she just keeps getting cast as these peasants .	poor alice , still trying to play these peasants .	1
no , we do n't .	no .	1
damn it !	oh my god .	0
that makes us practically hoapili .	yeah , it was scary .	0
signora giudicelli , she will be coming back , wo n't she ?	the last thing you need right now is your brother , a nazi who goes through england with the whore .	0
54 it that regard , the court points out that such a head of claim was not raised at first instance .	well , i thought , well ...	0
everybody has been married in this dress , from my great-grandmother on down .	all the women from great-grandmothers were getting married in that dress .	1
you knew .	rabbit costume :	0
i strained to see where the voice was coming from , but there was nothing to see .	i strained my eyes to see where my voice came from , but nothing could be seen .	1
janey , why do n't you come with me ?	janey , will you come with me ?	1
he would close that face away for good before refilling the grave , but not until .	it will cover the face for good before it fills the grave , but only in the end .	1
apparently , my album drops may 1st .	my album will be released on may 1st .	1
here he sharpens his skills , settles his differences ... and proves his worthiness before god ... for only a true heart can prevail in battle .	they improve their abilities , determine differences ... prove their worthiness before god ... ... because only with an honest heart , they triumph in battle .	1
the second was set to strike at john himself , when he was still a child .	the second case is inconsistent with the role of an ally .	0
the third complaint 68 .	`` what about the wanderers ? '' idriss asked .	0
rose , come ... ( sighs )	machines that can carry out different types of machinery without the need to change the instruments in their implementation :	0
second , review by the administrative courts is always possible , even in cases where there are no preliminary proceedings .	things no one should hear .	0
i do n't fucking deal drugs to little fucking kids , you --	sure , and if you do n't mind , he can stay with me .	0
see , it wo n't close .	you see , she did n't close .	1
i 'll make you rice gruel with eggs .	i just want to talk to these people .	0
i hate `` crane-iac '' .	i hate `` fucking maniac . ''	1
probably open a school .	i guess i 'll open the school .	1
kept those jerks waiting half an hour .	the twinning project launched in 2009 has contributed to the fact that , in 2010 , a new legal system of procedural rules was successfully adopted .	0
i was also in great pain from another rope which went about my waist , and had been drawn to an insufferable degree of tightness .	thank you so much for ...	0
yeah , in an illegal titty bar , in the arse end of nowhere , run by a known killer .	yeah , in an illegal strip club , the biggest hole in the world run by a known killer .	1
was there before you .	she worked there before you .	1
oye , pappu .	hey , pappu .	1
you made that , jerry ?	according to one , you said you were going back to new york .	0
no i do n't know	i do n't know .	1
i have a fondness for almost all greek things .	i have a fondness for greek affairs .	1
yeah , is n't she going to jail right now on live tv ?	ca n't she live on tv now live on tv ?	1
not a moron , just ... open-minded .	you want to keep me ?	0
please understand , they are safe as long as they are not discovered .	gardens , please .	0
i am crying niet .	i 'm not crying .	1
wow . you pronounced it right .	wow , you made it right .	1
snow day ! snow day ! snow day !	something must be happening .	0
he had seen mandorallen do this often enough to understand the basics .	he focused his attention on the remaining bond on his wrist .	0
some groups , nonetheless , are fighting for the global freedom of the internet .	however , there are people who are fighting for freedom on the internet today .	1
she leaned back and looked positively genial .	if i win hunt on my bottom , i 'll take jonesy .	0
however , there is still a need for further reflection on the feasibility of the proposed options .	are you sleeping here ?	0
now , you are coming with us .	you will come with us .	1
my ex-wife used to demolish me .	my ex-wife bullied me .	1
the raw materials used to produce each cheese are as follows :	the following ingredients shall be used for the production of individual cheeses :	1
hello . nice to meet you . my husband .	but you do n't care ?	0
you both have very good voices .	so it does n't really matter .	0
as for him , we know where he is .	as far as he 's concerned , we know where he is .	1
`` to sing the legend of the qin huai river , ''	# mi singing legend of the river qin huai	1
and just like that i became a grim reaper , swear to god .	i thought , think about it .	0
to consider the message . - i believe it .	how to consider this message .	1
mr zorg 's office .	fourth floor ?	0
tell me , has your dad not come back ?	that 's what i came for him , he chased his horse so hard i nearly killed him .	0
you doing another event ?	if anyone has any doubts , i want to hear it now .	0
no , as a matter of fact , his last piece of legislation was an increase in the tobacco tax .	no , his last law raised taxes on tobacco .	1
starts right now ! i hope to god you know what the hell you 're doing .	if you decide for me , there 's no appeal against my decision .	0
langdon stared at the scuffed stone floor .	studies suggest that patients with breast cancers with elevated her2 express have shorter lives without symptoms of disease compared to patients whose tumours have no increased expresi her2 .	0
often , there is a strong sentiment that we should do anything required to ameliorate a situation .	[ 2 ] oj l 55 , 29.2.2000 , p .	0
yeah , well , we 're not leaving until we find out .	we 're not going back until we find out .	1
women prefer him , as a rule .	women always preferred him .	1
it may harm them , even if their symptoms are the same than yours .	powell kept me in the hospital .	0
the first objective that was set for 2003 was not reached ( 12 500 mw ) .	the first target , which was set for 2003 , was not achieved ( 12,500 mw ) .	1
he could get you started .	he could have prepared you .	1
70 , avenue du général de gaulle f-92800 puteaux france	'the walls are alive ! 'shouted banouin .	0
we have always assumed that the meteor ... ... was intended as a form of transportation .	we always thought that the meteor was a form of transportation .	1
i meant for not talking about sean .	in fact , they were n't even going to our house .	0
this essay sounds nothing like you at all .	the essay does n't sound like you .	1
do n't mess up my psychic-ness .	you know , i remember when we started on the radio .	0
welcome to our place , here .	no . excuse me .	0
who 's jones ? /the fng man .	we do n't have enough resources .	0
the ia report is structured into three broad main themes where more specific problems and objectives can be identified :	the impact assessment report is divided into three main thematic headings in which more specific problems and objectives are identified :	1
i will ! i want to know certain things first .	sunscreen , expensive surgeries , and trips to the tropics .	0
and how much was that settlement for ? £5 million .	how high was the insurance payout ? £5 million .	1
hey , wyatt ... -	hey , wyatt -- - do n't .	1
jerry lee , have some of my meat loaf .	jerry lee , have a meatloaf .	1
but your daddy , he do n't .	not your father .	1
and if i were to draw a line that has that average slope , it would look something like this .	wait , miss allen .	0
now there were maybe a dozen of them climbing the wide gate .	oh , will you be enough apple tea ?	0
that 's right , in 28 minutes	28 minutes .	1
we will do what we can to protect it .	this is not sanitary .	0
that 's what i want , right there .	exactly what i want .	1
there was nowhere else for me to take her .	`` you know what would be useful for this milk ?	0
your security detail wo n't be coming , colonel .	your security 's not coming up , colonel .	1
i 'd never , ever do anything to hurt you .	i 'd never do anything wrong .	1
i was around a lot of losers growing up and ... .	i grew up among a lot of losers .	1
and in that time , i 've found someone else .	in the meantime , i found someone else .	1
you are safe here with me .	do n't worry , you 're safe with me .	1
he 's my # 1 fan .	one word and let 's go .	0
downey watched the empty hood for a moment , and then without shifting his gaze he reached out and picked up the speaking tube .	he regarded the vacant hood for a moment and then , without hindsight , reached out and seized the tube .	1
`` your english gets a hell of a lot better when you want something , '' i said , stalling for time .	`` listen , your english will get better if you want something , '' i said , playing for time .	1
but , yeah , it 's tonight . the party 's tonight .	but , yeah , it 's today ... the party is today .	1
not unpleasantly so , though .	no , ross , i ca n't .	0
i 'll remember that , mr. spock ... ... the next time i find myself in a similar situation .	i 'll remember that if i ever find myself in the same situation .	1
sergeant menzies drove her . she 's at the motel .	everything will be fine !	0
pike called him first officer .	pike made it his first mate .	1
it ’ s not loaded .	it 's not loaded .	1
he smashed his hands into the steering wheel over and over .	self-loathing is the infant 's milk of all undeveloped lesbians ... anywhere .	0
tell me , if i employ a wet rag , would i have to pay it as much as i pay you ?	oh , my god .	0
yeah ! see how that just falls off the bone ?	so i do n't see any reason why we should stay in fifth !	0
yes , this came from norfolk and this was built by blokes .	no .	0
well , it could be a printer 's error .	well , it could be a pressing mistake .	1
he 's got the ball , but he 's having to work hard to keep hold of it .	he has the ball , but it 's hard for him to keep it .	1
we 're just friends .	i 'll explain everything . we 're just friends .	1
you 're a real sweetie to come over here today and do this in this heat .	you 're a sweetheart you came to my house in this heat .	1
why would that be nice ?	why should it be good ?	1
dradis contact .	radar contact .	1
find the strap muscles .	i need a quiet room and some time . it 'll be done by the end of the day .	0
we are the united states government .	i 'd like to take two live chickens before your time card .	0
yes i did .	are you both okay ?	0
but he did n't make it .	caramon never lost sight of his real purpose during training , diet , and other troubles .	0
maggie . throw this straight in the air . make it look like ...	wolf wolf	0
in 8 paediatric patients aged 2-14 years , auc ( 0-12h ) ranged from 5.4 to 18.8 ng h/ml .	in 8 paediatric patients aged 2 to 14 years , auc ( 0-12 h ) ranged from 5.4 to 18.8 ng / h / ml .	1
if you wish , a session with my healing ray could save you days of recovery time .	i can cut your recovery process a couple of days if you want .	1
everyone 's gon na be quite pleased with that topic .	each b-b-b will be greatly pleased with the issue .	1
yeah , well house is straightforward ,	you 're my hero .	0
your doctor will have explained exactly when to give the injection .	what was the last cargo we rode around the alliance ?	0
it 's just a visit .	this is andy .	0
toxicokinetic study design for degradation products and leachables ( iso 10993-16:2010 )	he breathed a sigh of relief when he found a corridor with a spiral staircase leading up behind the narrow passageway .	0
of a growing boy is not exactly cheap or easy .	we 'll give you more details as soon as we find out .	0
the fangs , i mean .	directive 2003 / 87 / ec as amended ( 4 ) is hereinafter referred to as `` the ets directive . ''	0
it 's the only thing you can do .	it 's all you can do .	1
which one are you going to wear ?	which one will you have ?	1
you break a leg , we fix it .	twenty minutes later , however , he was running out of power , and christine needed help more often .	0
boy : what 's going on , dupree ?	you 're a selfish bastard .	0
mr. wolfe , does this appear to be a robbery to you ?	only a few people liked her , but she was n't attached to many people .	0
'cause i think i 'm on a train . oh !	i knew you 'd get your mind !	0
the council shall accordingly adapt , on a proposal from the commission , the allocations of member states by reducing them in proportion .	i 'm the guy .	0
gourville , however , tried to make up for the loss of vatel .	`` gourville tried to compensate for the loss of vatel .	1
i don'twant anything to happen to you .	i do n't want anything to happen to you .	1
and he seemed nice , you know ?	he seemed ... nice .	1
i just said it because i have n't had much luck lately and i 'm not really looking to date , so maybe i should switch to women .	let 's just say that some of your classmates ... ... will never get on my shelf .	0
and they love us .	with a different type of operation such as gastrointestinal or urologists , there is little experience .	0
for good . nice .	no , no , he died quickly .	0
| port interconnections , ( further ) development of multimodal platforms and their interconnections , mos ( including icebreaking capacity )	that 's when i realised i 'd never be strong enough to get rid of neeny .	0
mr. koplovitz 's chart .	mr. koplovitz 's file .	1
and now stefania is betraying adalind and brokering the child to the royal family herself .	and stefania now betrayed adalind , so she could bring the royal family to herself .	1
and it shows very clearly that stolen documents are , in fact , admissible if the lawyers played no part in the theft .	the appended mathtype formula contains the following string	0
new hat ...	new cap ...	1
it 's very bad . if amanda 's aligned herself with them , she 'll be capable of anything .	if amanda joins them , she 'll be capable of anything .	1
easy , do n't freak out the baby .	careful ... - do n't scare the baby .	1
no , i 'm talking about you and me .	no , i 'm talking about us .	1
they get lonely and they eat expensive italian things .	and you get more people to listen to your version of the story , okay ?	0
'so fear me not !	she fixed her eyes on him and adjusted her hair .	0
i could almost feel the way they hate the snakes. «	i could almost feel him hating the snakes. ``	1
now , why do n't you go enjoy your cars and your membership at the beach club and leave the rest of it to the grown-ups !	why do n't you go have some fun with your car and your beach club membership ?	1
especially in her 20s .	we 're gon na need your compass .	0
mike , i got a daughter who 's due in a week .	my daughter 's having a baby in a week .	1
do you actually think i 'd let you have the noc list ?	with his height and waist , you fooled us .	0
ms. janssen , i hate to drag you away from your adoring fans , but we have to talk . please , come with me .	miss jansen , i 'm sorry to drag you away from your fans , but we need to talk .	1
there 's no point in upsetting her mother any more than we have to . ''	strucker 's technology exceeds any base of the hydra we obtained .	0
`` your face went white . ''	`` your face turned white like chalk ,	1
i 'm goin ' to tell anson you 're sick now -- poisoned or somethin ' awful .	i wonder if you 'll kill me . what do you do then ?	0
the preparation of hq services has been less well planned , lacking both analysis and consultation .	the preparation of the sla service has been planned worse , lacking both analysis and consultation .	1
it was saturday , and on monday he would have the secretary check the computer files against my list .	it was saturday , and the doctor promised to ask her secretary immediately on monday to compare my list with their computer files .	1
it was one of those noisy musical things , and i 'm so sick of them .	it was one of those noisy music films , and i do n't like them .	1
you know what 's wrong !	then it may be a mistake that i ever had those feelings .	0
no , no way , mr. zoe .	3 , sk-918 44 trnava saaten union recherche sarl 163 , avenue de flandre , f-60190 estrées st denis hodowla roslin smolice sp . z o.o .	0
wonderful . - i 'm so thirsty lately .	you 're my little prince , are n't you ?	0
the selection criteria shall be such as to make it possible to assess the applicant 's ability to complete the proposed action or work programme .	i do n't understand .	0
if you do n't , i do n't care	the shape of the network was too complex .	0
`` you do n't get behind a man because he 's vowed to strike the germans at the first sign of remilitarization . ''	`` you do n't stand for someone just because they promise to attack the germans at the first sign of new arms . ''	1
( d ) the goods referred to in article 230 ( b ) and ( c ) .	( d ) any auxiliary equipment and accessories to the equipment referred to in points ( a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) .	1
roaming customers who within that period of two months have not expressed their choice shall automatically be provided with a eurotariff as set out in paragraph 2 .	roaming customers , who have not notified their choice during the two-month deadline , will automatically provide the euro tariff referred to in paragraph 2 .	1
with my recommendation ... you'il have a decent chance of getting the job .	if you 're here for business , we can arrange a meeting tomorrow .	0
a global setting for european environmental monitoring — measuring what we must manage .	the ocean is itself a moving machine .	0
could you hold , please ?	he was an asshole .	0
sales of low grade exports were disregarded because such low quality products were not produced and sold by the community industry .	this is not the case in the case of hsh .	0
something else i noticed was this is the only letter where hank 's mother and riley are mentioned together .	`` have you tried him ? ''	0
i told you there 's nothing to hold on to .	i know i 'm not without fault , but you have to admit i 'm better !	0
if we go in hot , they will hear , and that means everyone in that house and division will die .	a customer at a gas station is a window without buying gasoline .	0
lock them in the hold , put a guard on them .	what does trantor mean ? ``	0
no , no , no . that 's a bad idea .	so i went through the tapes and found out which one of them would be pissed at you .	0
of course , since zellerbach could merely have sent this man into the store , our people canvassed with the photo .	of course , zellerbach could only send the man to the store , and that 's why our people circled around with the picture .	1
he ’ d come off the building ’ s elevator , and had left the right floor .	get a doctor .	0
so ? and she 's standing right behind you with a gun .	and he 's right behind you with a gun .	1
they told me thatl would be hearing from them in ten days .	rex !	0
nothing like having a gun to your head to teach you caution .	nothing can teach you so much as to have a gun to your head .	1
wake up . - mmm .	i do n't know what i would have told her .	0
hub : potatoes ?	potatoes ?	1
it was like roberto duran , no , i want more .	i knew you 'd want to know where the body was .	0
the notifier has submitted information which at this stage is considered to be sufficient to address the relevance of certain metabolites .	the notifier provided information to assess the importance of certain metabolites at this stage .	1
he was tracking me .	he pursued me .	1
article 8 transit advice note 1 .	do you have any victims ?	0
|| – – asses 0101 90 90	| | - - osli 0101 90 90	1
gee , it 's hard to imagine why i 'd wan na leave ... ... all the luxury and comfort of my dungeon .	i 'm moving .	0
they 're home , they 're watching , they 're proud .	| other anorganic fungicides	0
creating the web site `` % 1 '' .	you 're so mysterious ... ... and i thought you were hiding something .	0
i think we'il get a discount .	i think we 'll get a discount .	1
my name isrussell bitterman , from wheaton high .	i could n't sleep at all , so i thought it would be good to keep quiet .	0
woman . : samantha carter ?	samantha carter ?	1
well , his loving middle-class family got killed by hafez assad ... ... so he moved to saudi arabia .	his beloved family belonged to a middle class and was killed by hafez assaud , so he moved to saudi arabia .	1
the deeds and legal papers will be delivered to you tomorrow .	i 'm sorry , jen , but it 's the rule that we do n't talk about your crazy grocery stores before breakfast .	0
|| 46 the same reasoning may hold good for passenger services , and a similar approach might therefore be envisaged .	it 's lucky .	0
i , lancel lannister , do solemnly vow --	therefore , a detailed examination of transactions between key sectors and government bodies is important .	0
norbert braun ( 1718/2008 )	norbert braun ( 1718 / 2008 )	1
no , no . did he ?	no , no .	1
for lowland scotland objective 3 programme , measures 4a1 , 4a2 and 4a3 :	for the measures of the 4a1 , 4a2 and 4a3 objectives , the 3 for the lowland scotland area is for support reserved 82,074 miles .	1
you 're slaying them .	you 're killing them !	1
the girl they found in the stairwell in saratoga , collette something .	the girl who found her on the steps in saratoga , collette , or whatever .	1
cruel one !	she 's so cruel .	1
so cindi had two stalkers .	you 'll never stay in one place .	0
shut up , you -- -ok , come on .	shut up .	1
'i have come , ' he said .	and that was just the beginning .	0
she did n't even bother to turn her head in my direction .	the first loss tranche , the equity tranche , the cash tranche and the duration of the guarantee shall be determined on an individual basis .	0
now , you can shoot me if you want , but the next negotiator 's gon na tell you the same thing . - all right ?	the pastor dismounted , noting that there was a dead sharazad nestled between the protruding roots .	0
i like a girl who eats like a trucker .	you knew that old mesopotamians ... they did n't have shovels .	0
man : what 's he think of the band ?	we were the hosts for them to evolve .	0
'there are just too many humans in the world .	to the skin of the products ' presence to alentejo 'or ' paleta do alentejo ' , this logo is fired :	0
i found it in your bag . you mind ?	i found him in your backpack .	1
okay , i guessthat 's enough , huh ?	okay , that 's enough , right ?	1
we must n't say anything , otherwise they say you 're a racist .	all set ?	0
so maybe this is my total screw-up moment you just have to forgive me for .	haleh , hold the bowl under his chin .	0
norton shrugged .	norton shook himself .	1
ashmore and cartier islands	i kept those idiots for half an hour .	0
but you still have n't picked a plant .	like weed , ecstasy , and ...	0
a pretty long time .	a long way .	1
linking	cupcakes and pies .	0
and when did moyer get time to make a deal with anyone about anything ?	i 'm trying to have a positive influence on them .	0
in 1914 , european wars broke out centered around england and germany .	i need self-celled .	0
the delegation and the flag state shall be kept informed of any proceedings initiated and penalties imposed .	he ate a gazelle , which is good , he wo n't be so hungry .	0
i no bible .	i do n't want a bible .	1
happened yesterday on my way back from the grocery store .	it happened yesterday on my way out of food .	1
then send a 100,000. i will lead them .	i 'm not selling those fucking drugs to those little bastards , you	0
if i get in trouble , you 're in for it .	if i 'm in trouble , for your sake .	1
the exercises had been endless , or as much so as two weeks could make them .	the exercise was endless , and there were as many as could only be entered within two weeks .	1
in its opinion on the family and demographic change ( 9 ) , the committee thoroughly examined demographic change in the european union and its repercussions for families .	views on family and demographic developments ( 9 )	1
somebody else is coming .	you know , in his defense ...	0
actually , they 're the only ones i do believe .	they 're the only ones i believe in now .	1
it took me long to penetrate .	if you wanted to trick us , dylan would n't take it personally , but others did , and that would be bad for you .	0
oh , albert , the ballet tonight . please get us out in time .	albert , please tell us in time to catch the ballet .	1
maybe i 'll still do that . but before i do ...	maybe i still do .	1
they figured we would just destroy ourselves . but instead , we 've thrived .	they figured we 'd destroy ourselves , but it 's good for us .	1
but until then , whatever i do is not a waste of time ... ... it 's all building toward something .	can i at least do something ?	0
stone said something in the big lug ’ s ear—click ! —and sampson shook his head .	stone said something in his ear , cack , and sampson shook his head .	1
much effort was placed on competence-development in 2006 .	hello ?	0
i 'll go out to them .	i 'll go after them .	1
i 'd like that very much .	very much .	1
i 'm going to have to call the hospital directly .	i 'll have to call the hospital right away .	1
and then see those hands , your fingers wrapping around the steering wheel of your brand new car .	maybe if you 'd completely opened up to nietzsche , you 'd have made a commitment .	0
i can , rich , yeah ?	i want to hear what 's going on .	0
donna , i 'm gon na put you on speaker phone .	donna , i 'm going to put you on speaker , jess is here .	1
roughly 90 percent of all homes in the united states have wood frames . while some have burned , others are now being devoured .	roughly 90 % of all houses in the united states have wooden beams .	1
we 're gon na be bigger than ikea ...	he was absolutely exhausted , but he needed someone to talk to , because he might never get a chance to do so .	0
yeah , being alive 's fucking great .	yeah , life is great .	1
( a ) manual landing from automatic hudls and/or evs guided approach ; ( b ) manual go-around from automatic approach ;	great .	0
simulate touchscreen	they all streamed from the center of the floor .	0
every bit of it pointing a finger at him .	i 'm sure he looks like you .	0
how sweet he can look !	all the answers to mordor 's call .	0
ah , that is correct .	oh , that 's right .	1
| other inorganic fungicides | other inorganic fungicides	she 's a model , believe it or not , and an enormous nuisance .	0
my darling ...	`` i grumbled at our duel , which was magic , though i did n't know it then .	0
rock .	a rock ?	1
34 it must be stated that the reference for a preliminary ruling does not meet those requirements .	34 it must be held that the order for reference does not correspond to those requirements .	1
we take it away from her , we might as well shoot her on the spot .	i 've never heard of him .	0
oh , louise from st. louis .	i do n't want to hear !	0
i am certain that i am better than you .	his voice was monotonous and barely audible ; his pipe was casually tucked into his waistcoat , and his skin was chalk-white .	0
daddy , i want to go see the hippopotamus .	tell me ... why are you going to dubrovnik ?	0
brim felt himself involuntarily smile , in spite of his churning emotions .	brim felt his smile begin to smile in spite of his dark thoughts .	1
keep up zipeau	keep up , zippo .	1
he always has some vodka .	he 'll have some vodka .	1
i do n't see anything wrong with that flag .	i do n't see anything wrong with her .	1
it was another reason they wanted to release off the water , more than a lateral mile from the stone palace .	that was another reason they wanted to jump over water for about two miles from stone palace .	1
and if we can find your father ... do you really think they 're gon na find a cure for me overnight ?	do you really think they 'll find the cure just overnight ?	1
unlike you , they love the book .	`` she 'll find you real enough to stab your heart . ''	0
'ok , ' he said .	`` all right , '' he said .	1
it 's been a while since we could pick and choose .	if we win here , we may be able to push them back .	0
are you some how a subsidiary ?	are n't you a subsidiary ?	1
`` now , i led a simple life `` so do n't expect too many goodies to be bequeathed .	there 's none .	0
( 1014-unknown ) , married manasses de dammartin	kepner helped to remove malignant growth from the gluteal region of one patient .	0
boy , what a sound !	that 's a sound , boy .	1
i did n't expectto hear from you so soon .	doctor , i did n't expect to hear about you so soon .	1
at our place , we 're having sausage , turkey and chestnuts .	we 're at number five .	0
hello . i brought you a guest .	for what reason ? !	0
i appointed him vice chancellor ?	the law and i have had it together pretty hard for a long time .	0
well , how else was i supposed t get you to see your brother ?	because every second is worth money .	0
i just need your staff id and swipe card .	i just need id and badge .	1
gave her back , sir ?	back ?	1
well , sir , i 'd likes to become the welterweight champion of the world .	well , i 'd like to become a world champion champion .	1
what group ?	if he sells it on ebay , i 'll be disappointed .	0
`` my da ' says we can sleep in my tent over on the bluff , sai , if it 's all right with you . ''	`` daddy said we could sleep in a tent on top of the cliff , sai , if you do n't mind . ''	1
uh , listen , i ... i wondered if i could buy you lunch , or something . erm , i 'm not having lunch today .	directive 2011 / 85 / eu on budget frameworks has not yet been transposed into national law .	0
for $ 20,000 , i like to throw in breakfast .	but i 'll tell you one thing :	0
i send all my salary to the sacred coffers , ass you know .	i fucked up my entire salary on holy funds , as you know .	1
44. week	week 4	1
boys ' handwriting sucks .	the boy 's handwriting is terrible .	1
only the law can set such limits . ''	only the law can set such restrictions	1
it is well , deserve it .	it 's okay . you deserve it .	1
it 's -- - blood !	i never leave unfinished business .	0
yeah , i do n't really have a ride , so ...	and when you came back , did you turn off the alarm ?	0
i know i should have said something before . i was just so scared . it 's good that you 're here now .	harry landed right after her and fell on the unkempt lawn in the middle of a small square .	0
41 – for a more detailed quotation , please refer to point 97 of my opinion in placanica and others .	`` of course , four square trabucchi . ''	0
we missed the last water taxi .	tell him !	0
like an electrical charge .	like an electric discharge .	1
i also heard you made a move on the tumbleweed .	i also heard you took a step with tumbleweet .	1
but naphthalene is shown to have some aromatic stability .	yet oil is showing signs of aromatic stability .	1
then he saw the chains around their necks and the bloody wounds on their backs .	left side of the stage !	0
but it might be terrible .	but maybe it 's total horrendous .	1
i 've been doing teach for america the past two years in alabama .	i was in teach for america , i taught in alabama for two years .	1
matt , it 's a long way to the humvees !	matt , it 's a long way to the humvee !	1
mass of the optional equipment ( see definition no 5 of article 2 of regulation ( eu ) no 1230/2012 : … 2.8 .	i do n't sleep for days , jake .	0
over here	bring me proof of crime and i 'm in .	0
radegast brewery 's invitation to gloomy bitter night tours	radegast brewery embarks on darkly bitter night searches	1
either one of you guys speak spanish ?	i 'm so happy to see you .	0
1 % - pct . 2 %	language of the general union waters of ii and iv uk sol / 7hjk .	0
failing to achieve this will – in the long run - result in high societal , ecological , and economic costs .	error renaming temporary file : % s	0
i do n't have a choice .	but i have no choice .	1
go to the next tutorial step .	they sent a message this morning .	0
no , look at this hand . this hand is fine !	can he really fly ?	0
there is no knowledge of a village on the north side in any documents .	first paycheck i got back to the fbl .	0
well , the governor obviously ... already fired colonel nascimento ... starting his expulsion process .	well , the governor has certainly fired colonel robert nascice ... and his departure process has just begun .	1
would n't be my choice .	the choice was n't on me .	1
there is no getting out of here .	she , too , imagined herself as a princess in a pimp .	0
she did not know what they were , but she knew she must not look at them too closely .	every night , yelina goes to the beach , across the city .	0
`` these things do happen . ''	now we 're talking about character .	0
i dropped a mug last night and-i swear-retark drew his sword ! ''	cleve , you should find a boy to celebrate with if you happen to win .	0
we'il be home all weekend .	well , next time ... choose something that 's got a chance of success .	0
are you ready , men ?	ready ?	1
kate : here we are ! here !	we 're looking for a sponsor .	0
`` well , er , '' said the sergeant , looking at the other two .	`` well , '' said the sergeant , glancing at his companions .	1
i 'll tell you .	shotgun shot , close .	0
in the cavern the magter saw the destruction of their plans , and the cave mouth from which the bullets had come .	the magter in the cave had seen their plan collapse , and they looked back to where the disruptive missiles came from .	1
if i do n't , what 's my option ?	and the tinker bell and the pirate with the hook in his hand .	0
we know nothing .	we do n't have anything .	1
there the defending turks held out for a day .	he seemed upset .	0
most of them already had companions , but many did not , particularly the younger ones .	most of them had their life partners , but they still had enough of those who did n't . especially among younger ones .	1
his hair , close cropped to his skull , was the silver of polished iron , despite the fact that he was not yet thirty years of age .	look , there 's three pieces .	0
do not remove them from this room , copy them , or make any notes .	what are you doing ?	0
`` it 's broken , '' i said .	creating site % 1	0
i lost an agent in moscow two years ago .	of course , mr. collins .	0
this is what i mean .	that 's what i 'm talking about .	1
goddamn british , so correct .	or , rather , he stuck it in the skin beneath the cloth .	0
oh , that 's excellent .	oh , that 's great .	1
she thinks that you ought to get married and have children of your own ...	toyota	0
4. press	select the required menu , then press 4 .	1
well you should have checked your compass before you smashed it .	you should have found out before you broke the compass .	1
leonard : jared !	i understand 17 main human and saucepan languages and i can do the sounds of nature .	0
is he giving you oxygen therapy ?	for oxygen therapy ?	1
the xpath returns a null value .	nothing , porter 's just nervous .	0
she was a friend , i guess . - you guess ?	here we are in new york city , bitch , whoever can marry anyone .	0
help you with something , sir ?	usually an agent has a duty to protect himself-so he can complete his assignment and report .	0
the baker was about to ask for two copper coins , but realised in time that the old man had no pockets visible , and no money sack .	the baker was about to ask for two coppers , but he realized in time that the old man had no noticeably pocket , no pockets of money .	1
amendments 47 and 48 had been cancelled .	amendments 3 and 48 were cancelled .	1
vimes stared fixedly at the notebook .	okay , i have an apartment view .	0
they'il know soon enough .	they 'll find out soon enough .	1
i think she 's running water .	but if we come out of it ...	0
turn that thing off .	you know we ca n't do this .	0
for more serious discussion , please join me for a drink .	who 's interested in a more serious discussion , come with me for a drink .	1
yeah . i 'm invited .	yeah , he invited me .	1
could n't the throttle spring have been dislodged by the impact of the crash ?	could n't the gas have been destroyed by the impact in the crash ?	1
do you put everything in your house in alphabetical order ?	do you store everything in your apartment alphabetically ?	1
she simply struggled on alone as a single parent .	this is not a children 's joke .	0
i realized now that i ’ d long ago given up any aspirations of shining at anything .	now i realized that i had long abandoned my desire to glow in anything .	1
i 'll show up if i have to , but i ca n't coach these guys .	i 'll be here if i have to , but i ca n't train them .	1
but i do not know how much i can still do ... ... with dave , krist and sounds of my voice and guitar .	you know , with krist , dave , with my guitar and my voice .	1
there 's mount rushmore . - the parthenon .	i have a present to help you forget all your worries .	0
the writing , which at first was as clear as red flame , has all but disappeared . a secret now that only fire can tell. ``	`` no , you can keep it .	0
about being human year after year this is how i see it life is time and time is a stretch of road .	what it 's like to be a man , a year in a year i see it this way life is the time and time is the way .	1
she 's a smart girl .	because she 's smart .	1
soon we will be back in our beloved homes .	your pervasive mind	0
you blew it , jack .	you 've ruined it , jack .	1
it 's nothing .	i ca n't arrest wolf without a warrant .	0
he bit your nipple .	he bit your nipples .	1
this guy was afraid to stand up to the brass .	the commission notes that both the median and average are focused on the centre value and are generally used to express `` average values . ''	0
that 's what lan used ... ? - to kill alison .	you think that 's what lan used ... to murder alison , right ?	1
i decided i needed to clear my head .	i had to do this this morning with a maniac who believes in a self-fulfilling hunger strike .	0
do you have any vegan froyo ?	i 'm dealing with the best .	0
and that night ... i needed it .	last night ... i needed a shot .	1
would youtell a woman to stay	it happened quickly and well .	0
bring autobots back from the dead to attack us ? !	revitalize the fallen autobots to attack us ? !	1
this old mill 's a treasure trove , eh ?	the mill is a treasure trove .	1
now i have power !	stay behind him , or you 'll lose him again .	0
i plan to .	hit in 1 0 seconds !	0
why do n't you ask me to wear striped pants ?	what about when you dropped a mint in your neckline in front of all your partners ?	0
please . - yes , dear ?	yes , my dear ?	1
if i 'm going to die aboard this ship , then chief will suffer the same fate as me .	very ... amazing , sir .	0
funny how things get twisted , ai n't it ?	weird how things get caught up , right ?	1
oh , what a day .	oh , it was a day .	1
but i was blessed to receive 103 .	but i was lucky to have 103 .	1
he dabbles in a little bit of everything .	he does a bit of everything .	1
i 'll talk to blue , see if we can get reinforcements .	i 'll talk to blue for reinforcements .	1
are you hitting on me or him by the way ? -him	by the way , are you honking at me or him ?	1
so the talosians who came underground found life limited here , and they concentrated on developing their mental power .	so the talosians who have gone underground have focused on developing their mental abilities .	1
floating on two flat gravity packs near either rounded end , the floors of the big machines hovered approximately chest high .	oh , i do n't see .	0
i think you got some corrupted files .	you have a couple of damaged files .	1
i do n't know whether i did or not . ''	`` i do n't know if i did . ''	1
'well ? ' said carrot .	'what 's going on ? 'said carrot .	1
and if you play your cards right ... ... she might loan it to you until then .	the entry `` akhund , attiqullah , maulavi ( deputy minister of agriculture ) '' under the heading `` natural persons '' shall be replaced by the following :	0
for years he had fostered the myth that he was the land , the soul and heart of britannia .	what 's going on , dear ?	0
i wo n't let you . tell me what you want .	* give us the coke , the cash the combo to the safe *	0
you walk through the wrong door , you could be stepping out into space .	the odd thing is that it 's lived for a while , and then all of a sudden it 's changed .	0
windows to look in and more statues wearing clothes .	i ca n't tell you everything because it 's such a delicate matter , but we 're gon na steal a car .	0
does your husband mind you uh ... working so late ?	in the next seven days , please remember .	0
i consider however that this does not substantially alter the terms of the problem examined above .	i just felt like something terrible was about to happen .	0
you can not do this ! ''	toujeo is pure insulin .	0
either way , we should do some due diligence on your past cases , just to make sure .	did you want to say good-bye ?	0
i may not know how you think .	maybe i do n't know what you mean .	1
chair , sonny !	get him in the chair , son !	1
some kind of coup .	i 'm only a short time between you and i 'm the only one who 's not directly involved .	0
three weeks and i 've found nothing .	they do n't mean anything to me .	0
and the people from the residence facilities they do n't come out to the farms , bruce .	what will you be , jonathan ?	0
now , how about you get the fuck out of my face , because , whilst you may be bound by rules , i am not .	now get the fuck out of my sight , because while you can be bound by the law , i wo n't .	1
if you did n't believe in god , why bother to blaspheme ?	if you do n't believe in god , what is your gag ?	1
you remember the first half of the message and then i remember the second .	you see , mama 's here .	0
it 's in her head .	but her head .	1
-so fast you 're six feet under .	social equipment must be in close proximity to the residential area .	0
you all right , mate ?	`` we 're out of suspicion in this room . ''	0
that 's great .	oh , great .	1
sure .	there 's a difference between them , you know	0
the readings of his brain waves are very strange .	the brain wave record is very peculiar .	1
margaux arranged for the fbi to question victoria	margaux has arranged for the fbi to hear victoria in the suite .	1
she was shunned by the ancestors because of her alliance with you , but all that 's over .	our ancestors only partied her thanks to an alliance with you , but it 's over with .	1
no , i mean after .	no , i mean later .	1
start page en/passanger en/volvo cz/volvo 340 sk/volvo 340 pl/volvo 340 de/volvo 340 en/volvo 340	please , scarpa , stay here .	0
now , please , everyone , keep quite calm .	in addition , the commission did not properly check this exercise .	0
oh , well , great . we 'll phone my bookie , mac .	[ 9 ] oj l 297 , 15.11.2001 , p .	0
in real life they tend to be very orthodox .	in fact , they tend to be orthodox .	1
is she english ?	is it `` english ? ''	1
hey , babe , we 'll be back soon .	honey , we 'll be back .	1
once ryan 's gone , we 're back on line .	when ryan 's gone , we 'll start again .	1
beckett 's not working a case right now .	he was just hanging around , and eating eggs !	0
i apologize if this is confusing .	it 's not real .	0
yeah , it starts at 11:00 .	we 're starting at 11 .	1
you might very well think that .	you can think about that .	1
recommend mont blanc , l'aiguille du midi webcam	yes , i ...	0
# i 'm caught in a pattern and i ca n't escape #	# but i 'm stranded and i ca n't get out of it . #	1
okay ? come on , now . let 's start with your --	therefore , such information as those which do not allow for a reliable scale in terms of such markets .	0
there 's no need to choose .	i felt humiliated on the bus .	0
how would you like somebody go thrugh your stuff ?	how would you like someone poking around in your stuff ?	1
yeah , i pulled his file .	yes , i prepared his file .	1
it 's so miami vice , i could roll up my sleeves .	it 's so in the style of miami vice that i could easily roll up my sleeves .	1
he says there is progress .	when do we start with our travesty ?	0
i 've got what you might consider a weakness .	go back .	0
he murmured miserably .	if you do n't mind , mr. president , what are your plans with che if you get him alive ?	0
i mean , she 's really raised them .	name of the function in the associated product	0
could have used a higher sunscreen .	he probably did n't believe you either .	0
god , he made you think you did .	oh , my god . he made you think .	1
recommend webcam braunlage - hotel maritim webcam	postcard braunlage - hotel maritim	1
discharging systems to prevent the build-up of potentially dangerous electrostatic charges .	discharging systems to prevent the accumulation of possible hazardous electrostatic shells .	1
easy . easy ...	slowly ...	1
feed ...	you feed .	1
how are you stocked for silver bullets ?	buddy deeds , he was a man .	0
the chasm was deep , and she could just make out the bright ribbon of a stream running over the rocks below .	it 's better .	0
transport us to the same location ensign ro beamed to .	move us to where ensign ro was transported .	1
'as yet i do not know .	`` i do n't know yet .	1
`` i remembered ... what you were like .	`` i never forgot ... what you looked like . ''	1
why do n't you liven things up a little bit and read dean-o 's mind and tell us what jonas brother he 's daydreaming about right now ?	and he 's okay ?	0
is it a round bronze talisman , about this big ?	it 's a round bronze amulet , like this big ?	1
publish a report on railway safety .	a notable event is the arrival of fredrika janata in 1997 .	0
when you made a bet in jeju island ...	then on jeju island , as you put in ...	1
the way they look at us . the way they treat us .	it 's not right how they treat us .	1
that was an incredible song .	that was a beautiful song .	1
if it proves true , your eminence , yes .	can i get a ride ?	0
many of the suggestions can already now be applied in practice by the imi-actors , without amending the decision .	moreover , many of the proposals would be able to apply in the imi in practice without amending the decision .	1
with pleasure .	a preview of the preview contained in the ppf file :	0
tom : david , get in there . david :	if i have to die on this ship , chiefa must meet the same fate .	0
they 're watching .	they look .	1
oh , i hope you do n't mind , bandy let me in .	you do n't mind if bandy let me in .	1
mom 's at an advanced aromatherapy seminar .	daddy makes a lot more joy to help the family than anything else .	0
this will re-enable hardware acceleration of directdraw for all display devices in your system .	if you promise it will be for once .	0
blonde ...	is he there ?	0
ireland ’ s answer of 25 april 2005 was not capable of dispelling the commission ’ s doubts .	do you really think the hand is going to stop the rushing train ?	0
give them back to me !	give it back !	1
i made a choice .	drizzt pounded his scimitars into the women 's swords so quickly that the chamber seemed to spread one long , drawn clanging .	0
`` quite sure , '' said branno sadly .	i need you to help me .	0
we had no choice but to take them out of transport stasis .	yellow means ...	0
here 's a trick , throw pine needles in the air and you can see which direction the wind is blowing .	this is a trick , you throw up the needles and see where the wind blows .	1
just like louis .	if my calculations are correct ... ... and the baby reaches 88 miles per hour ... ... you 'll have an incredible thing .	0
no , we fuck , that 's all .	you 're the one who ca n't die for nothing .	0
the most frightening thing i 'd seen all afternoon had been the prices on the designer clothing .	the scariest thing i 've encountered all afternoon , but they were the prices of designer clothes .	1
now we the reason , we only prescott .	now we have a motive . we just need prescott .	1
this certificate has expired or is not yet valid .	according to us , gredenko has at least five guided projectiles of rq-2 , somewhere in the vale of shadows .	0
team leader , we have a fire in the basement window .	there 's a fire in the basement .	1
entertainer ?	a comedian ?	1
very stupid in one way , toranaga thought , not in another .	one side was foolish , toranaga thought , not quite so much on the other hand .	1
a hundred feet in the air with your balls in a sling behind a motorboat driven by two drunks named pedro ?	to fly thirty yards in the air behind a boat that runs two drunks named pedro ?	1
i 'll try and be brief .	i will try to be as short as possible .	1
do n't teach me my business !	it 's nothing big , but i do n't need any more .	0
oh , lucky you .	as always , no dreams .	0
george will take you fishing again , with his new bride .	at first the prince thought it was an echo .	0
she would n't do something naughty for a night of safety ?	what kind of girl is she ?	0
article 11 meaning of default 1 .	would you like to be presented to his excellency now or at the table tonight ?	0
maria : calm , my dear .	there 's one weird thing .	0
' 'well , then . '' carrot cleared his throat and turned back to the stunned reptile .	carrot cleared his throat and turned to the half-stunned lizard .	1
you ai n't heard ?	you do n't know ?	1
he pointed to where the goblins had cleared the breach through the outer gate of the barbican once more and were now climbing up the inner gate .	customer can have a lot of opinions on it ,	0
`` brigham gave you that assignment even through you and evelda drumgo had had a run-in before , '' krendler said .	`` sorry , i 'm afraid . ''	0
while i was laying there trying not to think , i heard old stradlater come back from the can and go in our room .	come here .	0
in line with eu law , the mandate proposes a general maximum data retention period of 5 years .	scully had a reaction to the bee we found in your hallway .	0
get down on your hands and knees , fatty ! yeah !	get down on your knees and on your knees , fatass !	1
the heart , and the head .	it 's an old trick .	0
it 's the first trial .	it 's a first try .	1
what had triggered this sudden crumpling of confidence ?	and nine , nine rings were given to the breed of people most eager for power .	0
( 48 ) processing might also involve the capture , transmission , manipulation , recording , storage or communication of sound and image data .	the processing may also include income , transfer , modification , recording , recording , preservation or communication of phonograms ( 49 ) .	1
“ to the mountain ! ” called bard .	as a leading advocate of sanctions , she was more willing than anyone to oppose german public opinion and commercial interests .	0
can you believe this actually used to be a viable format ?	do you believe this used to be a functional format ?	1
`` i only wish henry was here , too . ''	`` it 's just a shame henry 's not here too . ''	1
click help in the dialog that appears to see instructions for creating a new bar .	you make movies about guys who rob pepke 's friends .	0
well , let 's see how you deal with this little slice .	let 's see how you handle this .	1
a loyal subject of king george , giving assistance to his troops .	i am loyal to the king of george ... ... who is helping his army .	1
he 's moved .	`` she certainly did n't want us to perform , '' said ron wisely .	0
john k butzin has a book coming out .	john k butzza 's book will be published .	1
i ought to go back to melman 's for a final look around , though , in case there was anything i had missed .	oh , it took me ages before i could align the colors correctly , rainbow dash , but it 's .	0
no one knowsthese hills better than tommy mclaren .	actually , it 's probably thanks to testosterone .	0
i have no immunity to it . ben :	i have no immunity for them .	1
shoot all their motherfucking asses !	burn them all in their fucking asses !	1
according to the by-laws of the management board , it shall , to the extent possible , pass its resolutions unanimously or otherwise by simple majority .	under the rules of procedure [ governing body ] , that authority , if possible , shall adopt its decisions unanimously or by a simple majority .	1
that 's my boy mocha .	carthage , that 's where it 's going south .	0
it 's just gon na take longer than we thought .	it 's just going to be longer than i thought .	1
i 'm not going in that thing .	do n't you have a meeting with champion ?	0
there are other women where i was held ... and i believe in my heart that they 're still alive .	and , in any case , merlin had betrayed the oath he had composed .	0
do i like it ?	if i like ? !	1
see way down there ?	we are trying to link all five candidates to the senate , who are in the pictures .	0
well , then , we 'll make sure he does n't . we got to move on this , jerry .	it may have been the promise of a new year , or the remnants of the spirit of the holidays , but i was taking the transition .	0
they 're asking permission to send over a shuttle .	475 tonnes ( carcass weight ) for `` baby beef '' products from the customs territory of kosovo ( 7 ) .	0
i became her spy aboard the jerle shannara . ''	i 've become her scout aboard the jerle shannara. ``	1
any huddersfield ?	anyone from huddersfield ?	1
annex ii in annex i to decision 2011/278/eu , the entry corresponding to product benchmark ‘ mineral wool ’ is replaced by the following :	annex ii in annex i to decision 2011 / 278 / eu the entry corresponding to the `` mineral wave '' reference level is replaced by the following :	1
there you will meet a man dressed like me .	did you have an earpiece ?	0
sebastian , sebastian , stop pouting .	they call them the psychology boys .	0
now move your ass or you 're fired .	now get moving or you 're fired .	1
we have made her a part of our sisterhood .	we incorporated it into our sisterhood .	1
catamarans and smaller watercraft took visitors on the canal of discovery and across the spanish lake ( an oxbow of the guadalquiviru ) .	captain , i 've got a lock on the ship 's sensors .	0
delete or modify these rules .	you were lucky !	0
yeah . they 're gon na be , like , `` look at this sweet dude , his awesome gear and his awesome hatchet .	`` look at this guy , his great suit and great axe .	1
keep listening . let me know if it changes .	listen and let me know when things change .	1
he did n't come back yesterday or the days before that . he wo n't today .	if he did n't come yesterday and the day before and before the day before , he would n't even be here today .	1
had a good day ?	did you have a good time today ?	1
what was that all about ?	what happened ?	1
by hell !	goddamn !	1
orders of his honour triumvir octavian caesar , none shall enter this house .	orders of the triumvir octavian caesar : no one enters the house .	1
what do you know about hooking up with porn stars ?	what do you know about fucking porn ?	1
yeah , he really is .	yes , really .	1
jack : let the girl go !	take the man to the other side of the island .	0
there was only one safe way to approach the derelict , and that was along the axis around which it was slowly revolving .	there was only one way to approach the abandoned ship , along a axis around which slowly turned .	1
i get it . but , mona , what relationship is not complicated ?	if they had n't committed a crime a few years ago , i would n't be here .	0
rubbish .	bullshit .	1
talk about a small town ;	gossip in a small town ;	1
your turn now . go on .	the moties ' faces did not evolve to broadcast messages .	0
mama 's boy . peter pan complex .	mom-boy peter pan complex .	1
staring at it , he leaves the cab and closes the door .	he keeps his eyes out of him , gets out of the cab and closes the door .	1
'no , do n't put it on the floor ! '	no , do n't leave it on the floor !	1
most of you were witness to him trying to blow my head off in this room .	and who killed hill in front ?	0
and everything in between is a valid solution .	and everything in this range is a valid solution .	1
it 's ok. i 'll go .	it 's okay .	1
that 's like gollum hanging out with the one ring .	that 's like gollum playing with the ring .	1
ander 's breath escaped from his lips with a sharp hiss .	do n't you have any more ?	0
it was more important to you personally to make them both suffer than it was for the strategy to work , now was n't it ? ''	personally , it was more important for both of them to suffer than our political strategy , is it ? ``	1
i 'll handle this .	i 'll take care of that .	1
oh , please , on a bet , you once ate a pound of drywall .	she 's taking a ... ... one-semester break ... to get this straight .	0
your test that you have tomorrow .	the test you 're writing tomorrow .	1
he leaned back on his hands and looked up at the shimmering array of stars .	he leaned on his elbows and looked up at the sky .	1
put what things back ? ''	get out of here !	0
also something called `` bucket of cake '' .	take us to the border and show us the rest of the way .	0
i do n't know who did barry .	go on .	0
well , this is ... this is what canadians look like .	but hailey , i 'm ...	0
she was trying to reach her dead daughter , susie 's mother .	i saw how they arrested the cubans and charged him with the murder of niles .	0
tegger and warvia merely nodded when he fell silent .	when he finished , tegger and warvie just nodded briefly .	1
shall we take a look ?	shall we go see ?	1
you really think you can trick me and get away with it ?	do you really think you 'll cheat on me and get away with it ?	1
i 'm happy to hear that .	i 'm glad .	1
i did not need to see that .	we 're approaching the house .	0
i thought she might be interested in what 's happening to darren .	i thought she was wondering what 's going on with darren .	1
it wo n't be much of a fight .	you wo n't have much to fight .	1
even though it 's my face , i 'll give him a walk and give him an attitude .	even if it 's my face , i 'll give him my own way of walking .	1
sure , but it wo n't help .	why not , but it wo n't help you .	1
you 'd need a satellite to transmit it , but it would be impossible to -- you 'd need a satellite and launch capabilities to orbit it .	you need a satellite to transmit , but it 's not possible either .	1
shabby barbaric splendor and all that .	then from the matrix select 16 women and 7 men to reinstate zion .	0
the people need leadership to return to the old values : yours and mine .	people need someone to guide them to old values ... to yours and mine .	1
you going to teach me that one day ?	will you teach me once ?	1
i need the sound .	bardan , my grandfather , led a small , small , malicious division deep into the mountains , where the enemy was camp .	0
dae-ho 's coming to see me !	dae-ho is here to see !	1
you may have lost in there -- and remarkably quickly , i might add -- but no hard feelings .	he became a male .	0
( lowered voice ) did you hear what happened ?	if i 'd known you 'd come , i 'd have cleaned up .	0
trevize said , `` no , bander , because we do not measure freedom by your standards . ''	`` no , bandere , because we are not going to change your terms , '' said trevize .	1
he laughed his rumbling laugh .	of them , one case was reported as not serious and four cases as serious .	0
come , pull with me at the legs .	come on , pull up at my feet .	1
london is my adopted home .	london is my second home .	1
phone my parents , they 'll help you out . sofia ...	i 'm afraid you made a mistake .	0
there are some things that time can not mend ... ... some hurts that go too deep ... ... that have taken hold .	there are some things that do n't heal even time .	1
then why are they still going to school here ?	i left something buried next to my palm a few yards from the apartment .	0
everyone deserves a nice little getaway , do n't they ?	( b ) indicate the location , speed and direction of the vessel via vms ;	0
we bade farewell , to this day , knowing it could be our last .	you heard about blu-ray , right ?	0
cava pours - oh , god !	oh , my god .	1
along with tolkien 's other writings ,	tandem jump	0
i need him taken care of .	you have to take care of him .	1
but if you had come that day , l might have done something that i would be sorry for forever .	but if you 'd come back then , i might have done something i 'd regret .	1
do n't .	yeah , he wo n't be long .	0
i 'm thinking maybe you should n't see it .	maybe you should n't look at her .	1
you do n't just walk in and talk to a guy like julian crest .	if i hired a lazy slop , i 'd have to pay him as much as i pay you .	0
you blaming me for this ?	you make me marry someone else , then even if i 'm just a girl , you 'll have an enemy in me .	0
do n't forget to bring your wallet .	and do n't forget to take your money !	1
not even april wu .	have n't we got enough problems ?	0
you know , lots of politics .	okay , it 's all yours .	0
nothin ' . what 's the matter with you ?	sergeant menzies took her .	0
on the fountain there should be two jugs .	korlat decided she was going to go by herself , and had taken a longer journey across the city .	0
how they `` see '' i know not , but whatever sense they use , it is effective .	in that jacuzzi in your apartment , where does monsieur want to stay ?	0
they kept silence on the trudge back to ivan 's room , where ivan found a new stack of colored papers waiting on his desk .	but today i 'm asking you to hear edith .	0
`` lf god be for us , who could be against us ? ''	`` once upon a time '' is god with us , who 's against us ? ``	1
yes , we 've got traces on his pants and shoes .	yes , he had feet on his pants and shoes .	1
chapter xxii inspector slack 's orders , once i had got him on the telephone , were brief and emphatic .	but it works , does n't it ?	0
'jerry , i do n't know either .	`` jerry , i do n't know either .	1
and some day i 'm going to put itch powder into your jock-strap for these guessing games . )	and one day , i 'm going to put an itchy powder in my underwear for these games . )	1
if you wanted to stop it , why did you scream , since you tricked me so well up to then ?	it seems to me that we 've just signed a death sentence .	0
yeah , but i could still kill the fuck out of her before they put me in bracelets .	the bad nights were more .	0
thanks . sean , what are you doing here ?	sean , what are you doing here ?	1
most of the cubans lo got everything of the colombians because , obviously , them lo controlled everything .	they 've never gotten together .	0
the decisions of extraordinary men - in peace and in war supportedhis father 's judgement .	his father 's judgment corroborated a serious decision by an extraordinary figure , made at a time of peace and during the war .	1
it 's nothing , julian ?	it 's nothing ?	1
he pillaged the strewn contents , searching for a weapon , a flare gun , a radio…anything .	he buried the jellyfish with a quartet , a gun , a gun , a spatula on its svetch , a sniper ... hockie .	1
part four	fourth part	1
okay , bud , let 's finish this .	okay , buddy , it 's time to put an end to this .	1
we make our own fate from now on !	from now on , we are masters of our own destiny .	1
te kai po has got a new war flag .	te kai po has a new battle battalion .	1
it 's not like she has anywhere to go .	it 's not like he can go anywhere .	1
( hank ) trubel 's right , nick .	i hope it does n't come to that .	0
yeah , but i did n't say anything about walking away .	we 've lived two years in comfort . each with their own issues .	0
it 's always betterto meet a fan than a critic .	it 's better to meet a fan than a critic .	1
i just called a friend at the ftc .	i just got a call from a friend from the board .	1
i 'm more interested in these scorch marks on the floor .	he wants me to be part of his creative process .	0
there 's something i 've always hidden from you	yes , but why do you want to disrupt their relationship ?	0
i 'm a ... a budding student of capitalism .	i 'm a promising student of capitalism .	1
i 've been in jail , zero !	this is for you .	0
they 're only after one thing .	come on !	0
`` chips led me , i told you .	`` chipsie led me , as i was saying .	1
i 'm waiting for an answer , severus .	you have to understand that i have a dark past behind me .	0
spill my blood with excalibur and ... make this ground holy .	great job .	0
all i can remember is that we were very poor .	the forged signature you argued for unjust enrichment was clever .	0
the repairs to his ship and the repairs to himself after the fight with the tytan had drained his energy .	how they send guys to kill you is part of `` i promise i wo n't say it . ''	0
well , you probably should n't break the law , if you can help it ,	he came home and found a raped woman and screaming kids .	0
would you like to help ?	where have you been ?	0
look here .	he has n't even looked at me in court , and every time i try to call him , it hits me in the voice mail .	0
it just seems like you 're always riding me .	kendra , take the briefing .	0
ravishing , yeah ?	it 's not a coincidence .	0
eggs ! clint , what are you doing here ?	are we happy ?	0
are n't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever chef happens to serve ?	i was crazy for angelica .	0
playing at democracy	the democracy game	1
stop that white motherfucker .	i just flushed something out of what you had in the fridge .	0
sir ... ... you might as well suspend me now . because there will be further infractions .	i can no longer withstand this environment .	0
ten !	on 15 october 2010 , the supplementary protocol was adopted at the fifth conference of the parties serving as a meeting of the parties to the protocol .	0
of civil response against violence ,	i think something 's been set up on alex , someone associated with isaac sirko .	0
captain , i am now quite convinced that all of this is v'ger .	captain , i 'm sure this is the v'ger .	1
heaven lasts always .	i miss you so much .	0
you 're welcome , my pleasure .	we need him .	0
i was n't going to kill the guy , but i was n't gon na do nothing , either .	are you here too ?	0
you 're welcome to borrow my car .	but you can borrow my car .	1
thick leaves waved in forced-air circulation like the banners of cheering citizens .	the forced circulation of the air created a pleasant breeze , and the thick leaves rippled like banners of cheering citizens .	1
i dare n't look through the camera because i 'm more worried about the tripod being knocked over .	you know what to do , niggas .	0
in the hallway carys was crouching at her father 's side ;	© 2002-argument , thou kexi	0
he went around it and found enion .	he circled them and saw enion .	1
i hope he 's not missing this .	i wish ...	0
seems to be a suspicion , maybe you 're involved with zobelle somehow .	they 're blue .	0
god ... what anguish and pain , uncle ! i told you !	god , it hurts ... uncle ... i told you .	1
'you understand ? '	`` do you understand ? ''	1
these are curse boxes .	you 've got three warnings for farting .	0
the valid syntax is xx.xx.xx.xx/yy where xx.xx.xx.xx is a valid ip subnet number and yy is the number of bits in the subnet mask .	valid syntax is xx.xx.xx.xx / yy	1
i do not know how to tell , but the apaches escaped .	i do n't know how to tell you , but the apache escaped today .	1
no , we were n't spying . no , i swear to god , no , no . we were out there fishing ' .	pollen ca n't be controlled .	0
`` kailea has n't liked anything i 've done for years .	`` kailea has spent years doing nothing i do .	1
jesus christ .	honey , i 'm here !	0
funny thing - just before i left i ran into one of your ninjas . ''	and the funny thing - just before i was flying , i came across one of your ninjas. ``	1
it 's my fault , master	it 's my fault , teacher .	1
he clutched his chest , hacking , the sound echoing alarmingly in the stillness of the narrow pipe .	he held his chest and coughed , the sounds of heavy breathing worryingly carried by the timbre of a narrow shroud .	1
rumor has it they ran a roadblock and there was an exchange of gunfire .	rumor got it when they ran over the roadblocks , there was a gunfight .	1
believe me , citizens , you have not seen anything yet .	what about skyscrapers for the dead ?	0
the textile fabric used is a woven pile fabric ( plush of polyester ) .	the substance used is a hair fabric ( polyester gas ) .	1
yo , soccer mom , speed it up !	hey , soccer mom , come on !	1
but i know water and life are precious .	all i know is that life and water are rare .	1
climb ! come on !	`` this has done some animal or animal , '' he said .	0
‘ oh , yes , i did .	`` yes , he did .	1
but in all seriousness .	but seriously .	1
zinovy , the top wetter , thanked golemba today for the great idea to include a famous writer in the commission .	but you 're completely different with ephram than me .	0
well , that 's what you wanted , is n't it ?	that 's what you wanted , right ?	1
it was not until in the last century that lorbia , the brilliant italian scholar , stumbled upon it quite by chance during his researches in the vatican .	only in the last century did the great italian scholar lorbia find him in his research at the vatican .	1
mmm . see ?	tegger laughed in disbelief .	0
nor is there enough oxygen in tombs to feed and keep the flame a torch	also , there is not enough oxygen inside these tombs that need a torch to burn .	1
now she was nervous and angry .	now she was nervous and moved .	1
so we may proceed with her marriage .	so we can continue our attempts to get her married .	1
'do n't talk to me like that , donna . '	the moment i closed my eyes , he appeared in a tent ... and healed my leg ...	0
the shared music name ' % s ' is already taken . please choose another .	goddamn it !	0
look , i know that there 's a thing like you 're not supposed to date newcomers or whatever , but ...	well , today 's board is a little different .	0
i just have to prepare myself .	the future is almost gone .	0
i paid her up-front ... cash .	so i paid for an oratory and a classic ... cash .	1
for the time being i think bob wants to put everything we have into l.a. gladden ’ s here .	in one life i 'm engaged with my love .	0
`` then , once it 's done , you better heat up that boiled dinner and help yourself to some more of it , '' i told him .	`` and when it 's done , you better heat up the dinner and have another slice of it , '' i said .	1
does that mean mumm-ra finally figured out you ca n't handle the job ?	does that mean mumm-ra 's finally figured it out , you 're short on it ?	1
i felt like i did a lot of work , and he made all the money .	i felt like i was doing all the work , and he 's got all the money .	1
have we been hit ?	he does n't spend time manipulating power .	0
`why yes !	'yes !	1
good stuff , elmer .	good job , elmer .	1
oh that 's not where those thoughts enter .	that 's where the thoughts do n't go .	1
i did n't steal it .	i did n't take it .	1
if this is the sound you want and you think it 's gon na put you ahead of hakeem , then this is what we doing , baby .	coach , i want to talk to you about devon .	0
oh , god .	oh my god !	1
we were told ahamo was here in the realm .	`` come , we 'll go to the dock . ''	0
full of charm and promise .	but no address .	0
hoag , are you pushing him up or feeling him up ?	you gon na pick him up or fuck him up ?	1
i stood in frontof that mirror , but i could n't do it .	because she 's too beautiful , too noble .	0
you bastard , you fucked them all ...	you son of a bitch .	1
uncle lui . just call me georgie .	uncle , i 'm georgie .	1
oh , it is far from over .	far from it .	1
so chase and his parents fought .	what have you done before ?	0
please , be silent - and do n't look .	please shut up and do n't look .	1
yeah . except , not all of them got the serum .	but not all of them got the serum .	1
'very good , ' said frodo .	'very well , 'said frodo .	1
the paddock was fairly well filled with people and they were walking the horses around in a ring under the trees behind the grandstand .	you did n't explain why you were taking me to division .	0
`` i do n't feel up to it , '' and we 'll all understand .	does my mother-in-law have chickens ?	0
but , uh , you know , i 'm working on it , and it 's evolving .	there 's got to be a better way .	0
oh , marianne listen , are you all right ?	oh , marianne , are you okay ?	1
my question just got answered , 'cause i just saw erica right down the street from sara 's salon , like , walking down that street .	he left hollywood at 4 : 00 in the morning .	0
does he not know that there are consequences for such threats ? ''	do n't they know there will be significant consequences for such threats ? ``	1
let 's find outwho nipay called .	and you will take this dress to the cleaners !	0
you 're getting into my head !	keaton phoned ... and the press was there before the police .	0
156 this part of the third ground of appeal is concerned solely with the concept of objective impartiality .	156 the present part of the present ground of appeal is merely the concept of `` objective impartiality . ''	1
i promise , i wo n't say a word to anyone .	nobody 's done that for me yet .	0
1971 , the fall of the dollar .	the 1971 fall .	1
`` the moment vanuma were out of the way , there would be none to protect janai from jal had . ''	if you do n't like to talk , it 's okay .	0
in my day , friday night was smoke a doobie , feel up a gal and then get your teeth knocked out by a republican .	in my day , we smoked joints on friday nights , groping the girls and then the republicans beat up our teeth .	1
what kind of client shows up hours late for a meeting ?	what kind of clients do you want to meet an hour later ?	1
we 'll get you out of the city tonight , in washington tomorrow .	just a little fun .	0
`` want . . . drink .	`` i want ... a drink .	1
you just called me dad .	you just told me , dad .	1
we 're just heading where we should be . ”	we 're heading where we want to go. ``	1
he'il try and stop you .	whoever attacked the ship captured them .	0
everything here absolutely screams elliot richards .	you 're no better than a bunch of kids breaking expenses .	0
we figured out who your ghost is .	we know who the ghost is .	1
you 're being cautious .	why would anna wintour throw our coats on me ?	0
and even if she did n't have to live up to this ...	and even though she does n't have to be like this ...	1
music talk , huh ?	music interview ?	1
and what are they telling you ?	what does he tell you now ?	1
some kind of a sedative .	you should n't be here like this .	0
mayor bader dropped by .	mayor bader was here .	1
i mean , what had you been told growing up ?	i mean , when you grew up ?	1
yeah . now you ask me for something that you need .	yeah , it 's something you need .	1
he was a vast-shouldered hunchback , barely five feet tall with massive arms and huge head .	let 's go back to camp .	0
they wo n't give me any food or anything to drink .	they do n't want to feed me a drink .	1
i know you have been sad of late .	every time you 're on tv , he 's talking about me .	0
well he could n't progress his state of being while he was in stasis .	the floor of the house gleamed with cold streams .	0
ah , no .	his crime is terrible , but he did not commit it for substantive reasons , but from despair .	0
take a break from the thrill rides .	take a break from an exciting ride .	1
they were not even really compatible with our house .	`` why did you keep the truth from me ? ''	0
somebody find buckman , launch him out of a torpedo tube .	just one kiss , that 's all .	0
so far it has been going very well without them .	we 've done so far without them .	1
what am i supposed to do now ?	so what do i do now ?	1
hey , i heard you 're looking to buy .	hey , i heard you were looking for your shit .	1
i 'm the easiest part of your whole goddamn problem and you 're gon na kill me ?	do i present the least of your problems and you will kill me ?	1
( 27 ) see also the ingo conference , conf/ple ( 2009 ) codei , 2009 ( 28 ) oj c 318 , 23.12.2006 , p .	163 . ( 29 ) oj c 318 , 23.12.2006 , p .	1
maggot !	it seems to be a storage facility .	0
why have you deserted me ? ''	pretending to be someone to enjoy ?	0
what was the use of an advisor who gave no advice ?	what 's the point of having an adviser who does n't mind ?	1
all set , sir . all checked for landing .	all set .	1
okay , well , you 're on your own .	when you hear her name , do you have any pride ?	0
'call me beth .	`` call me beth .	1
so how do you feel about guns ?	you know , i 'm a little confused about all this .	0
i slipped my cross on , and the silver looked good against the black top .	the operation moved to the u.s. , a week ago .	0
catalano , tell him to turn his amp down .	`` they do it quickly today . ''	0
aramis : captain of the cardinal 's guards .	`` you do something special or remarkable .	0
`` nice 'n ' easy '' .	something called `` nice and easy . ''	1
there were no marks on mike ryerson 's neck .	you must see some of yesterday 's tantric sex .	0
`` the subject will be quartered near you where you may regularly observe it , '' continued ras thavas .	or he knew the woman before she died .	0
( b ) communicate the vessel ’ s position , speed and heading by vms ;	i remember the store .	0
well ... we 're two blocks from your building . and once we get any closer , i wo n't be able to go near you .	we 're two blocks from the house , and when we get closer , you wo n't let me in .	1
so . are you sure you do n't want to come with us to raiders ?	are you sure you do n't want to go to the builder with us ?	1
you all right ? - yeah .	you okay ?	1
i 've made such a jackass of myself here .	i made myself an idiot .	1
diana , i 'm calling about edie sedgwick .	diana , volam is examining edie sedgwick .	1
all right , just press real hard , to seal the wound .	house is very busy .	0
a fellow registered under the name of smith , if you can believe that .	kulgan sat down beside him .	0
we 've programmed music to cover every dramatic event . hired a foley artist .	he believed that langston would certainly have told thrall all about it , and that would be a change of plan .	0
launcher from menu	what are you gon na do in vegas ?	0
yeah , i 'm all right , i guess .	yeah , i 'm fine .	1
ladies screamed as a hole appeared in the floor .	i 'm like , `` ma , do n't be crazy .	0
you need her . reassure her .	your job is to reactivate discovery and its computer system , because it 's the territory of the united states .	0
serbian language	unfortunately , there is no surplus in the war .	0
ah , she wo n't last .	he wo n't last .	1
everyone watched as the doorman reappeared from a side chamber and shuffled towards the door .	everyone was looking as the doorman appeared and shuffled toward the door .	1
huh ? no , i 'm full .	i 'm full .	1
ok , thank you !	thank god !	1
i heard what my dad told you about him and your mom and those stars . um ...	about yourself and your mom and your stars ...	1
i know that 's not who you really are .	who did you inform ?	0
the conditions to be met in order to satisfy each of these requirements are set out in chapter ii .	like a big bag full of basketball .	0
beat the shit out of his wife .	the canino watchdog took her to fresh air .	0
memorial service for a regent .	why do you hate tang ?	0
he 'll watch over you .	he 'll keep an eye on you .	1
i got into it in college .	and i flunked in college .	1
am i leave hungry ?	terrible headache , huh ?	0
killers are sent .	murderers are sent to him .	1
go get 'em , tiger .	oh , my god .	0
are you okay ?	are you okay , sweetheart ?	1
in korea , we think noodles taste best cooked in this pot .	okay , look , i 'm the guy who 's gon na get everything , okay ?	0
the purchaser undertook to arrange the means of transportation and to transport the goods to another member state .	the applicant has committed to transport and transporting goods to another member state of the european union .	1
is actually very low in fat . so you can have as much dust as you like .	he actually has low fat , so you can eat it as much as you want .	1
i came from a working-class family .	yes , it 's beautiful .	0
absolutely not . groznik has only apologised twice .	no names .	0
you want to wait outside the lodge until last call , then hit him with a tire iron .	you wait in front of the cabin until the last minute , then you hit him with a crowbar .	1
no , now , you dead !	no , you 're gon na die !	1
'not really , though i suppose they 'll show up sooner or later .	`` not even if they show up sooner or later .	1
arsenal	the armory	1
liquidity account for payment	selling shootouts on the street ?	0
i 'm already at the first bend .	i 'm at the first turn .	1
this , for instance . the way she and i are talking , it could never have been possible .	no , i do n't .	0
i read you , son . this is breaker station 22 .	ashmore and cartier	0
for some , it could be a means of mutual birth control ; for others , the first move in a trade agreement .	| | live goats , other than breeding pure-bred animals	0
where we left off in the last video , napoleon was doing pretty well .	the last video ended when napoleon performed well .	1
but whether those two pillowed or not , i hope the thought never occurs to buntaro .	but whether or not they slept together , i hope buntaro never finds his mind .	1
but i 'll be in tomorrow night with a breathtaking blonde .	but tomorrow i 'll come up with a fascinating blonde .	1
thinking about home ?	because of the pain that 's caused me .	0
we 've been over that already .	with her eyes fixed on her , she strode firmly to the door and tried to ignore the voices .	0
you know , i remember when she and i first started together in radio , okay ?	there were complications .	0
sean , i 'm just bummed that i 'm so busy i might not be able to do this clown thing today .	you , a tiny , insignificant salesman .	0
she lied about everything ... all of it .	she lied to us about all this stuff .	1
they hurt , do n't they ?	it hurts , does n't it ?	1
small eyes . pink like a pig .	pink as a pig .	1
that 's above the allocated amount of ammunition .	he might think i 'm bored .	0
everything got written down .	fucking hell !	0
the firm is absorbing it for a week .	the company will tighten it for a week .	1
this boy 's definitely not me .	`` what about you ? ''	0
ah , harry .	harry .	1
no , that was right .	for example , a service business acting as a facilitator may only have the amount of commissions obtained as a turnover. ``	0
i ... i thought ... he was here .	he touched a blue plastic box with s & w 's silver letters .	0
we 'll talk to you later this week .	it 's one of the few american officials who openly support plant food .	0
'stay out of this heat and you might live to be that old .	it 's like she was trained by my mother .	0
you got a little patch of fur . no fangs , no claws .	he lay flat on his back and watched the ramp slowly rise , covering the sky and closing the entrance .	0
tired of waiting for you to call , ... ... even to say , '' tough luck '' .	we were hoping we could talk to you about your show on the radio .	0
'well , we do n't have to disturb him . '	`` well , after all , we do n't have to disturb him . ''	1
such a reading is also suggested by the abovementioned drafting history of the directive .	for such an understanding , the history of the directive is also mentioned above .	1
you 'll have to go to the town centre .	you have to go to the center .	1
yes , somebody earned it .	yeah , someone deserves it .	1
`` i have made my choice , '' ben answered .	i 've decided , `` ben answered .	1
the strongest objection is that the seriousness of the offence means there 's a real likelihood he 'll abscond .	everything is delicious .	0
`` but he was with you in the studio last night when the mowry girl was murdered . ''	the appeal under article 43 of regulation no 44 / 2001 submitted by tnt against that decision was unsuccessful .	0
`` good hunting , captain . ''	applications for community financial contributions shall be in accordance with the rules laid down in commission regulation ( ec ) no 391 / 2007 ( 3 ) .	0
i just ca n't make new memories .	chen qi i little lark spotted a fully loaded weapon .	0
i mean if you two guys are bored , get a dog .	if you 're bored , get a dog .	1
why do you look so down ?	why are you so depressed ?	1
the game that you 've been winning and i 've been losing ever since the divorce .	the one in which you 're winning , and i 'm losing my divorce .	1
the always sweet diane shaver ...	diane shaver - always a nice diane shaver i 'll never leave again .	1
90/2011 genannten länder ist verbindlich .	90 / 2011 genannten länder ist verbindlich .	1
for folks like us , it 's the same living under nobility or the japs .	for people like us , we do n't care if they live under the nobility or the japanese .	1
unocha and the european commission are of the opinion that a coordinated approach will best serve the victims of any disaster .	you only see that i 'm unfaithful and you assume that i 'm a bad girl and a junkie .	0
well , not that long .	and the gas tanks and the garbage cans and the people who work in bangor or brewer and come back in the night. ``	0
( d ) they have surfaces resistant to deterioration and to attack by insects and other arthropods ;	and forgive us our trespasses as we ...	0
masklin glanced back at the label as he grabbed the sweater .	masklin looked again at the tag when he was picking up the sweater .	1
once restored to its rightful owners , the rivers will be laden with fish .	what else is he saying ? when he returns to the owners , the rivers will be filled with fish .	1
wait ! according to that scale , i still have a small wiener !	come on .	0
would you believe the manual 's lost ?	would you believe the instructions were lost ?	1
`` a great rarity , my gallant comrade , and above all very hard to capture alive .	`` very rare , my friend , and most of all , it is very difficult to catch her alive .	1
all right , let 's play some blackjack !	let 's play a little blackjack .	1
( chuckles ) well , that was a nice surprise , i must say .	i have to say it was a nice surprise .	1
why ? - because i know too much about the truth .	of course .	0
reserve assets are compiled on a gross basis without any netting out of reserve-related liabilities .	but he had nothing to eat .	0
there have been isolated reports of hepatic failure which in some cases led to fatal outcomes .	there are individual cases of liver failure , which have been fatal in some cases .	1
i do n't know if i can be some ... vigilante .	· collection and use of expertise scientific / expertise 24 .	0
the situation of the military regime is getting worse every day , because their soldiers do n't want to fight .	which will give us enough time to sneak in .	0
the americans think otherwise , but they 're wrong .	it could be a moon or an asteroid .	0
thank you so much . thank you for ripping me off .	thank you for being robbed .	1
athena will be there , ready to shoot .	athena will be ready to topple .	1
vessels and convoys shall achieve a speed in relation to the water of at least 13 km/h .	vessels and assemblies must reach at least 13 km / h relative to the sea speed level .	1
oh , through e-mail .	how are travis and katie ?	0
that 's what i tell all my little girls .	i always tell my girls .	1
but he seems all right ?	and it seems okay ?	1
when information is incorporated by reference , a cross-reference list must be provided in order to enable investors to identify easily specific items of information .	if the data is incorporated in the form of reference , the list of cross-references must be provided , so that investors can easily identify the specific data .	1
okay , i better head out to my c-section .	all right , i better get that c-section .	1
so who do you think is behind the murders ?	who do you think is committing those murders ?	1
georgia , what do you have to say ?	georgia , what do you want me to say ?	1
“ we can talk about it .	is there something i should know ?	0
no , it 's not that i do n't wan na be friends .	the intense course did not provide him much time for social life , and franklin was grateful for that .	0
give me a chocolate .	cut it out and give me some candy .	1
velká úpa ( 08:30-17:30 h ) : +420 721 489 580 pec pod sněžkou ( non-stop ) :	+ 420 721 489 580 pec pod snezkou ( non-stop ) :	1
werebe jack 's pistol ?	in the photo , he 's got nothing to do .	0
( whispers ) i love you .	okay , i know you do n't like me trying to make things right .	0
i did n't think i was obligated .	i did n't know i had to .	1
i 've been having this , uh , swelling in the evening .	i get this kind of swelling ... ... every night .	1
155 indeed , according to the applicant , the proposal for appropriate measures regarding the contract of 1978 was aimed expressly at the shipping routes in the canaries .	155 the applicant considers that the proposal for appropriate measures in respect of the 1978 contract was therefore expressly covered by the canary islands maritime routes .	1
what , bru ?	what ?	1
come on , let 's get these upstairs .	come on , take them upstairs .	1
beep ! megan , it 's me .	on the street , he says you and your brother hired raymond calitri for something to be mine .	0
table=0x % 08x , col=0x % 08x , row=0x % 08x , has an invalid string offset .	clara , take over .	0
anna : get out of here . go on .	get out of here .	1
defeats will become victories .	does that mean i can heal dr. kyle ?	0
he 's a wonderful floor sample ... and he gives us courage , you know ?	owen , you have to look at a-listerz.com .	0
i do n't believe in sleeping together on the first date .	first , it is difficult to define `` ways of use '' clearly .	0
oh , um , reggie .	reggie .	1
there was a computer in the center of the heavy , age-toned desk .	a computer was standing in the middle of a heavy , centuries-dark table .	1
what i would do when we reached the margin of desolation and the broad vosk river , i did n't know .	i was shawna .	0
oh , my god . seriously ?	oh , my god .	1
the official also assists the commissioner or his representative in the preparation of the eif 's general meetings .	i 'll go with you .	0
okay , i 'll call the strike team .	do n't worry , my dear .	0
after it happened , right after with beth in the hospital , i saw that woman dawn . she did n't mean to do it .	all are targeted by rena and las vegas and relate to organised crime .	0
he scaled eight stories , dropped down through an elevator shaft , kicked a door open and shot the bastards cold with his uzi on rapid fire .	he launched himself on a rope eight floors of an elevator shaft , kicked out the door and sprayed the bastards out of a machine gun. ``	1
maximum value of free wheel passage at check rail/wing rail entry : 943 mm .	have we learned our lesson , justine ?	0
i 'm afraid he has left for the day .	i 'm afraid he 's gone today .	1
there 's got ta be way to narrow it down .	i hope she gets the help she needs in belle reve .	0
zofka kveder ( 1878-1926 ) , writer , worked in kočevje	it 's not important how you get there ... but how long you 're going .	0
papa .	daddy , mama .	1
this part is famous for its quiet atmosphere and many parks .	is this fun ?	0
not many , six plants .	we have a marathon .	0
standard part of the merger , been on the books for two weeks .	standard merger procedure , two weeks i 've examined the documents .	1
i 'm sure you have n't .	i 'm sure he did n't .	1
there 's been another death , and this time it does appear to be some kind of animal attack -- bit a fisherman 's arm clean off .	thanks , harve .	0
remember , the grail can be deceptive .	remember , the grail can be tricky .	1
shit .	holy shit .	1
if you 'd be good enough to sign here , sir .	if you would kindly sign here , sire .	1
only , this will last until we get the confirmation .	what did you want to say ?	0
how about they make some coffee ?	they were so excited that one of them figured staysa was just another russian hooker .	0
all . he was eight years old .	chamber music .	0
one side of the continent receives much more than the other .	there are much more on one side of the mainland than on the other .	1
you ever see him get violent ?	has he ever been violent ?	1
and where is the other kalkara ? ''	where 's the other kalkara ? ``	1
i 'm conflicted , i guess , is what i am .	put the guns on the table .	0
only the crazies hang around nursery .	only crazies roam around the nursery .	1
to the second group he offered rewards .	the other group offered rewards .	1
hey , thanks a lot .	maybe half an hour .	0
the eyes , mr lipwig . hmm ?	eyes , mr. lipwig .	1
you guys get the tlele ; i 'll get the drinks .	you go to the table , i 'll get a drink .	1
well , we ... that is , both of us thought ...	registration in member states	0
i 'll find a way to fix this	cleaning is not my biggest concern .	0
“ one last question , konnie .	`` last question , konnie .	1
what 's wrong , lex ?	not long enough , there 's been raped .	0
it was great to be a part of it .	apart from a handful of my colleagues , i 'm the only one who knows you 're here all the time , even if softened .	0
get step-by-step solutions when you search for help by an error description or by the error number displayed in any error messages you receive	search for help by description or error number .	1
get 'em out of here !	get them out of here !	1
he found the right key , popped the lock on the box , and laid the lock aside on the bar .	i love you , boy .	0
because any more than that would create a core instability .	because anything above that would cause instability of the core .	1
frankly , his personal hygiene is becoming a cause for concern .	frankly , his personal hygiene gives cause for alarm .	1
all the finest babes would smile at him and hope that he would smile back .	all the cats smile at him and they hope he smiles on them too .	1
but with mine , they actually get rich .	but with my plan , they get rich .	1
we 're all here for you .	we all stand by you .	1
do not throw away an empty or unused syringe via household waste .	do not throw away any medicines in waste water or household waste .	1
you 'd never allow it , would you ? ''	that 's how it looks like we only have girls left .	0
d.ip.xxxx.v investments/purchases total expenditure on purchases , major repairs and the production of fixed assets during the accounting year .	then they dusted off their medals and started writing history again .	0
'i keep safe , ' old mamasan was saying .	the first recital in the preamble to regulation no 3357 / 91 provides :	0
what were your thoughts on true mongol culture ?	what do you think of the true mongolian culture ?	1
loves it all . the rituals , magic ... .	the whole thing loves it , the rituals , the magic ...	1
all right . no fever .	no fever , no rash .	1
been here a couple of days .	you 've been here for days .	1
it was just for fun .	they get sad and then eat expensive italian stuff .	0
we did what gandalf wanted , did n't we ?	we did what gandalf wanted us to do , right ?	1
`` what are her specs ? ''	`` what technical specifications ? ''	1
lieutenant !	commander !	1
i 've had it , man cub !	i 'm not surprised , you son of a bitch !	0
who else would have reason to trash the lab and our rooms ?	who else would want to break into the lab and our rooms ?	1
compromised ?	exposed ?	1
fix what ?	there are .	0
any beer left ?	no beer anymore ?	1
even after all these years he could muster that up .	what 's wrong with you ?	0
in the english , dutch and danish the word ‘ deliberate ’ could be taken to refer either only to capture or to both actions .	in english , dutch and danish , the intention is either to capture or at both meetings .	1
cakes and pies !	the only way to shine is when someone wears it .	0
or will achieve it shortly .	or i 'll have it soon .	1
given the lack of information concerning the procedural errors specifically complained of , it is not possible to comment more extensively on the scope of the review .	more detailed observations on the scope of the review , since they were not specifically targeted by procedural defects , is not possible .	1
are you threatening me ? - move , sloth !	are you threatening me ?	1
leader of ansar al-shari'a in tunisia .	other information : leader ansar al-shari'a in tunisia .	1
do n't be a hero just yet , wait to see what they 're up to .	do n't try to be a hero . wait till you see what they want to do .	1
paragraph 18 , subsection `` b , '' which is on your naughty bits -	we took his shoes off before he got them .	0
the calls to my wife , the threats , the hysteria stops now .	two , three , four are out because i did n't tell simon .	0
“ are tessio and clemenza on the mall ? ”	are tessio and clemenza in residence ? ``	1
channel sink does not exist .	not me , but ...	0
good morning , barry .	morning , berry .	1
igor ?	igor !	1
what exactly is wrong ?	barry 's tracing the bank account number in the caymans , and he 'll be given lunch in chadwick ?	0
not on the ground .	not on the ground , in the air .	1
i am not lonely .	i was alone .	1
listen to that !	they 're blue as heaven .	0
are you man enough , sir ?	`` is he still holding ? ''	0
i was just coming to find you .	hearing is a harsh word .	0
had they realized what a dangerous monster they were creating ?	did n't they realize how dangerous the monster had created ?	1
he almost had it then .	so you 're going to be king someday ?	0
hi . this is reuben .	they went to the hangars at lawson field , chanting and shouting at each other .	0
no discipline , no sense of order .	no obedience , no sense of order .	1
joke of it is those things cost like a million and a half each .	it was like you fell in love .	0
we got ta go . - i ca n't just leave her there .	i mean , these things do n't happen in the real world , do they ?	0
see , if i broke up with a girl , what i 'd want her to do is ring me and hassle me constantly .	you know , when i was little , i was obsessed with pie charts .	0
9 – judgment in commission v ireland , paragraph 47 .	9 - commission v commission , paragraph 18 .	1
we must get a doctor .	we need to call a doctor !	1
this means luck .	wake up .	0
i should n't be up here in first class . i feel like such a jerk .	i should be sitting in the back , not here in 1st grade like an idiot .	1
um , is there-is there any way you could find out who served him ?	this , in turn , causes distortions of competition between member states and the single market .	0
now , we 'll need you to make a formal statement down at the station .	we 'll have to write an official statement to the station .	1
and so did you , sis .	so do you , little sister .	1
'suits me , ' reacher said .	but it happened .	0
from that time we ate turkey .	there they have to make 50 traditional fuel placebos from buffalo manure and then freeze them on the wall to dry in the sun .	0
well , let 's see ... ... you say those horses belong to them pilgrims ?	so ... ... the horses belonged to those pilgrims ?	1
`` yan kansarv did not find a flaw , you mean , `` plussix said .	`` you want to say that yan kansarv has not found any fault , '' plussix clarified .	1
yeah , and then somebody mopped it up .	michael , jack wootton .	0
all right , hold on , you 're not all going .	she is a political exile .	0
that 's impossible . i know him .	it 's not possible .	1
that 's awesome .	that 's perfect .	1
my brother works at a usgs station in palmdale .	my brother works at a geological survey in palmdale .	1
i have n't heard from you in over a month .	i do n't know about you for a month .	1
as of this morning , you scored in the top 10 of all two hundred contestants .	to this morning , you scored enough points to put in the top ten .	1
have you found an enclosure to your taste ?	did you find a place by your taste ?	1
right , bring it in here .	all right , bring him in .	1
you were friends with this low-life ? how 's that ?	that 's just the thrill of the thrill , 'cause i 'm so excited for christmas .	0
that guy is a jackass .	hanna , where are we going ?	0
would you really want to go through all that again ?	we have to get out of here !	0
now remember , you two are just here to observe .	the budget problems just had to occur .	0
i ca n't sculpt worth a fart , but they give me a lollipop every time i leave the cardiologist .	i 'll stay .	0
cobol engineering	he does it too .	0
it 's exactly who it 's about .	paragraph 18 , paragraph `` b , '' which is in your intimate places .	0
do n't tell him who we are .	you know ...	0
still , he had expected to die .	toni gave him electronic earplugs .	0
( iv ) computer monitor off mode power shall not exceed 0,5 w .	the power consumption of a computer monitor shall not exceed 0,5 w in the shutdown mode .	1
there 's not going to be one for me .	you did n't mean the mattress and the fact that i was kicking your butt	0
that must be how our killer found anja .	so our killer must have found anja .	1
damn , i 'm even talkin ' in bible .	shit , i 'm talking like a bible .	1
oh , hey , pema .	i 'm offering a trade !	0
you have more in common with us , than with them .	we have much more in common than with them .	1
though some woman came , but she 's got the wrong apartment .	no , a woman came in , but she got the wrong address .	1
thanks for taking my side , nuna	thanks for being on my side .	1
okay . so the guy worked for me .	`` if baku was just something transient , to disguise something else , the harpooner was probably gone long ago , '' thomas said .	0
however , prior to the arrangement , the tax office was in a legally and economically more advantageous position than the creditors before the arrangement .	however , the legal and economic position of the tax office was more favourable compared to private creditors .	1
nothing is impossible if you want it badly enough .	nothing is impossible if you 're really trying .	1
what case was this for ?	what case was the case ?	1
you get to spend an hour with her every other day .	alec , the alarm just sounded . you know what triggered it ?	0
certainly i can handle an octospider who no longer has a perfect temperarnenl ''	i recommend a sixteenth chapter for all new lovers. ``	0
i ca n't , i have pray .	i ca n't .	1
i think we 've got something at 2218 .	how do we explain to axl that his father is n't ?	0
well , i do n't know what it feels like .	well , i do n't know what it 's gon na be .	1
i need a container for the tubes .	i work for the fbi in the fringe division , where we 're dealing with specific and mysterious events .	0
yes . - mercer ?	mercer ?	1
amintore ...	amintore .	1
what are you going to do in vegas without your brother ?	i ca n't do that .	0
wait and you 'll see what daddy 's got for you ...	she does n't want to break her heart .	0
this can best be ensured by eliminating dumping practices so that the community industry will continue to exist .	yeah , but i thought i heard you wrong .	0
in your boat .	i should n't have told him everything .	0
in the zone of lausanne they paint the windows every year .	it took note that zelenka and i have names , and she wanted one .	0
bricks 2	brick 2	1
only planes . i would n't be too sure about that .	by the age of 21 , alexander took to asia with 40,000 troops .	0
what do you mean `` what do you do ? '' you stand there and glow .	all right .	0
'do you think i could get away with that ? ' ehlana asked the earl of lenda .	give us a chance .	0
on the other hand , i 'd have been surprised if the midshipwoman i remembered had let that happen . ''	on the other hand , i 'd be surprised if the cadet i knew. ``	1
there is an arrangement where we each sell one .	there is a possibility that we all sell one .	1
guys , i think we 're just having a blackout .	because i have an entire network ...	0
oh , all right . skander , i want you to head off with detective gabriel here ... ... for a quick checkup .	skander , i want you to come here with detective gabriel for a quick tour .	1
`` the egg was ready to hatch and now we 'll spread out .	list of properties and their values	0
shooting people and getting medals ...	'hoa ! 'exclaimed bard .	0
that bit in alien where that thing bursts out of john hurt ?	king , chicken hicks and lightning mcqueen in 200 rounds .	0
she glanced over .	i kept my word , so i did n't see it .	0
( 16 ) ii – procedure before the court of justice and forms of order sought by the parties 26 .	it 's so terribly optimistic of you , harry .	0
come on , you 're drunk	you 're drunk .	1
who can tell me , what did the viking invader come in ?	request immediate assistance .	0
how you feelin ' today , papa ?	i 'm not going !	0
let him go . what ?	let him go .	1
malaysia : the practice of caning ( vote )	malaysia : use beating ( vote )	1
live storage in fixed tanks or cages edible crabs ( cancer pagurus )	storage of live products in stable tanks or cages of krab german ( cancer pagurus )	1
just keep smiling , and ... stay alert .	smile and be alert .	1
what 's wrong with you ? !	what 's the matter with you ?	1
furthermore , the measure at issue enabled consumers to benefit , for the same price , from decoders giving access to a much richer offer .	furthermore , the measures at issue will allegedly allow consumers to benefit from much wider supply at the same cost of deorders .	1
you give up on work , you might find yourself with nothing , chief .	you quit your job , you wo n't be able to find anything , boss .	1
and i moved here from albany when she broke off the engagement .	and when she canceled our engagement , i moved here .	1
had to be human for it to count .	it has to be a man to count .	1
coffee 's ready .	coffee 's on the table .	1
wo n't it , franz ?	right , franz ?	1
say what 's on your heart .	close them up and put a guard on them .	0
you 've turned me into a witch .	who the hell is this bluenote ?	0
at that point , with us demand shrinking , the rest of the world would indeed feel the economic effects of a romney presidency quite directly .	it 's time for the truth to come out .	0
i mean , i know it 's a big decision , but it 's a decision you need to make . morning , lisbon .	i mean , i know it 's a big decision , but it 's a decision you have to make .	1
i 'm going to park in the back . - there we go .	were n't you supposed to be in the east with katrin ?	0
they love mike .	they adore him .	1
you destroyed my family !	you killed my family !	1
anita clapped appreciatively as arutha turned aside the point of jimmy 's sword .	anita applauded arutha , who deflected the tip of jimmy 's sword .	1
he wo n't be returning to this city .	the fact that i 'm not alone does n't mean i 'm going to be naked .	0
all in all , the first part of the seventh plea in law must therefore be rejected .	accordingly , the first part of the seventh ground of appeal must be rejected .	1
hey there ... !	hello ... !	1
get me 100 milligrams of lidocaine and 1 cc of adrenaline .	i 'm trying .	0
we had the displeasure of being the children of a poor woodcutter .	she landed on the floor , half-stunned .	0
how he ai n't gon na never breath again , ever .	do n't come close to me not so close to me	0
oh , i could n't drag bill to a broadway musical .	she sat , similar to the deathly , while we were playing cards ; spitting and volleys on her wedding dress looked like pasted paper .	0
two shots had sounded already by the time he reached the door .	aunt josephine , white cave is on sale .	0
perhaps your cards ... ca n't see across the atlantic . for me ?	your cards ca n't be traced across the atlantic , clara .	1
have faith in that and in us .	because it 's two hours after midnight .	0
he 'd hoped for some modulation of temperament overnight , but when wilma got up the next morning , she was even angrier .	but did you lose it ?	0
he wanted to be a soldier .	back to the showers !	0
thank you for watching my back . and my front .	thanks for covering my back .	1
rachel , wan na see some cool ?	rachel , you want to see something interesting ?	1
never mind that nonsense and help with this cask .	half a day of sailing from the napan islands , a chef 's assistant struck the flagship first barrel .	0
i grew up where this was the rule , where the other shape was actually sometimes dominant .	minus and times ...	0
sir , when you 're in this kind of pain , you ca n't just ignore it and hope it goes away .	but we have to get holck on our side . - if we do n't , we 'll be on our own .	0
when i need help , i ask for it .	you 've destroyed billions of roubles !	0
cramer had got out a cigar and was threatening his teeth with it .	cramer , meanwhile , pulled out his cigar and threatened his teeth .	1
( chuckles softly ) and are you a hundred percent ?	did you show your new sights ?	0
do not mess with texas .	you 're going to school for the first time .	0
he was exhausted , but he wanted to talk-he needed to talk , because there might never be another chance .	danny , you have such a great literary perspective .	0
polimeri states that it disputed the evidential value of those emails in annex a 25 to the application .	cut off her phone , get rid of the water , send them health and construction inspectors .	0
dear sir , i am your humble servant , always .	dear lord , i am your loyal servant .	1
is this your idea of a joke , huh ?	but he was n't meant to .	0
i 'll have this .	i 'll have what i have now .	1
karp : that 's not a legal question .	of course it is .	0
and , as i was honest enough to tell her , next it would be roni .	then they continued .	0
fuck ! - exactly .	oh , fuck .	1
he went into that big park and i slowed down to a walk .	we ran into it for a big park and we slowed to a normal walk .	1
it 's quitting time .	randolyn .	0
she leaned forward and murmured something in the general 's ear before departing for her seat in the stands .	before she got back to her seat in the audience , she bent and whispered something in the general 's ear .	1
and it came back , and the person hated it .	and when she came , the person hated the thing .	1
no , no , i insist .	no , no .	1
must have been dorfman 's little sister 's room or something .	'hmm .	0
strangely enough , after bearing my soul and clearing my mind of the things which had been troubling me , i felt worlds better .	come on .	0
get with jo for her money , did you ?	he should have liked me more for what i did .	0
miss darrow was a great gal , no question .	miss darrow was brilliant .	1
in a simplified manner , it can be compared to a video recorder ( vcr ) .	he 's too small . he wo n't survive .	0
inside , the steering wheel , the gear lever , the doors , the seats , everything , is covered in what appears to be mole skin .	there 's a steering wheel , a lever , a door , a seat , it 's all covered with something that resembles a bloke 's skin .	1
habit ? everybody and their grandmother were n't arrested last week for ...	get him out of here .	0
the first loss , the equity range , the cash range as well as the term of the guarantee are determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis .	because i thought if the public knew about it , it would ignite chaos and panic .	0
we pulled about a dozen of them out of his refrigerator .	we found about a dozen of them in the fridge .	1
do n't worry !	do n't be afraid .	1
only the gmo containing stacked transformation events with the highest number of single transformation events is to be considered in this calculation .	oh , god .	0
this is all total garbage . i 'm giving my clients back to social services and taking them back to county .	the real entrance is next door .	0
these are people 's lives , not pieces of paper .	it 's not about her , but the german scientists are worried .	0
you really enjoy this sheet , do n't you ?	they 're looking for a house in batom rouge .	0
do not burden yourself with treasures .	do n't burden yourself with valuables !	1
but i 'm not sure you could recover from them .	but i 'm not sure you would have recovered .	1
if in any specific case authorities choose not to comply with the guidelines and recommendations it should explain its decision to the authority .	if , in any particular case , the authorities decide not to follow the guidelines , they should explain their decision to the european supervisory authority .	1
he went out the door and around the corner of the little white cinderblock cube where he 'd worked since dropping out of high school .	he came out and turned a corner of small white cubes from a face-to-face , where he had worked since he was dropped out of high school .	1
so , if you has an argument with someone , just say sorry .	if you 've quarrelled with someone , just say-i 'm sorry .	1
`` this includes feeding , bathing , `` cleaning of droppings and barfings , and when the time comes , burying or flushing . ''	two prince charming for the price of one .	0
`` what happened to the puffball light ? ''	`` what happened to the flame ? ''	1
he 's still out there .	how long will it take to burn the engine for ignition at the pc + 2 ?	0
nelo watched her hasten toward the shuttered porch , then he followed , drawn by curiosity .	nelo watched him go to the closed porch , and after a moment , with curiosity , he followed her .	1
captain , we 've reached the last recorded position of the essex .	captain , we 're at essex 's last known position .	1
yes , i could write music .	you do n't know that .	0
you must give it yourself .	but you have to give him yourself .	1
what is it ? - dammit .	can you spot the satellite on my location ?	0
pug turned his attention to the remaining shackle upon his wrist .	my mother had something similar on her once .	0
thanks for accessing .	a key joke for dobel is one old , classic .	0
oh , well , she , uh ... she has her way .	she has her way .	1
it was all nothing but a big shitting game of monopoly , really .	first , certain territorial restrictions are laid down in the contracts concluded by those authorities with certain providers .	0
i 'm blanche linoor , the actress .	`` the master 's curse is in the house of a sinner , but an ironclad dwelling . ''	0
the problem is his heart right now , jane , okay ?	right now is his heart 's biggest problems , jane .	1
okay , , we can catch the 2:00 train to venice ... and go straight to the gianna .	but do n't send me the body of whoever loses to take care of them .	0
then she had swooned to the pavement , breaking her nose .	you ... you 've been thinking ...	0
when we create money out of thin air , we have no savings . yet there is so called `` capital '' .	when we create money from nothing , it 's not savings , but we call it `` capital . ''	1
because we 're gon na finish this trek as quickly as we can , all four of us .	because we want to be in goal as fast as we can , and all four .	1
what of it , pal ?	i 'm trying to scare the dog next to the neighbors .	0
too much television can hurt your eyes .	no , sir , we 've already cut it to a minimum .	0
( 41 ) case c-277/00 germany v commission , cited above footnote 40 .	boredom , self-pity , anxiety , obsession .	0
this is how politics work these days .	that 's how politicians work today .	1
for a moment the wall split and several warriors forced their way into the line .	an excellent example for young viewers .	0
your hearing problem -- it 's a fractured stapes caused by shooting underwater .	your problem with your husband -- it 's a fracturing of friction caused by the shooting underwater .	1
let 's get this straight .	he 'd like to have him before the coronation , which will be held in six weeks ' time. ``	0
now , if you 'll excuse me , i have a pressing matter to attend to .	what the hell are you talking about ?	0
here comes dr. powell !	dr. powell 's on his way .	1
and stavros , his sled nose-to-nose with that of hulagh , hurled his temper at the weak fingers of his left hand .	you 're just gon na be happy .	0
if you got caught , you were jeopardizing your whole future .	in those circumstances , that sounds like a good idea .	0
retreat to the woods !	it was a nerve center of the whole structure ; it was there that he had ventured the final phase of his plan .	0
firefly did a movie to wrap things up .	firefly ended the film .	1
you have a heart condition ? no .	do you have a heart problem ?	1
what are you doing differently ?	what else do you do ?	1
yes , it is .	he wants to put the vervain into the city 's watershed .	0
he swung his legs out of bed and found a crumpled pack of winstons with one crazy cigarette left in it .	he lowered his feet from the bed and found the crumpled packet of winstos with one remaining cigarette .	1
we think it might be able to do some , or maybe all , of the repairs .	i enlisted in twenty-one , and one of the oldest was in the training camp .	0
an anatomical spring could give the dolphins the speed and endurance to outswim all the other ocean creatures .	this anatomical spring can supply dolphin speed and stamina to advance all other marine animals .	1
you 're gon na regret this .	i 'm the one you call when you 're sick .	0
me neither . you know what we need ?	who 's your scottish asshole ?	0
who do you know in the bureau you can trust ?	elena , when you first kissed matt in the freshman year , you called me immediately .	0
those things i ran away from i still want , just at the right time with the right guy .	edgar just picked up some signals from the nsa and assessed them as a threat .	0
seriously , she 's asked me to fix it .	`` right now to two hundred , but there 's a daily .	0
we have to try to find a way out of here .	but what then ?	0
moreover , the commission had not properly monitored that transposition .	only a month .	0
give me the fucking money , man . you want your money ?	give them the fucking money , man .	1
the family ca n't focus right now .	i think it 's best if we prepare to take off , captain .	0
you call the d.a .	i hope you 'll stay .	0
dude , do n't say that ! - it wo n't make , man .	`` he may still be in mashrapur . ''	0
so , patterson , she had to let me go .	all right , my esteemed prince of cobwebs .	0
i believe i made a significant find in the castle of kandar .	the closing valve will close then close and the watertight seals , as well as the speedometer , are closely monitored .	0
now , place your right hand on my waist .	now give me your right arm around my waist .	1
all right , fine , i pick you .	okay , okay , i 'll take you .	1
i 'll give you a little hint .	i 'll tell you a little bit .	1
how about next time you drive to work ?	why do n't you go to work next time ?	1
h-he was a guy .	he was a man .	1
i need to speak with the president immediately .	life is like a mountain train with a fearless engineer .	0
talk to the nanny , please . - nanny , go back and get the card .	he wanted to escape , even if it meant a leap across the edge of the abyss .	0
and as such , provides proof that suddam is buildinga nuclear bomb .	i think he 's in the hands of the enemy .	0
he 's improving .	will you stop giving me your hair ?	0
what 's the point ? !	nonetheless , weak outcomes remain , and low levels of educational attainment should be urgently addressed .	0
you do know cipa means she ca n't feel pain .	but we know that cipa means he ca n't feel pain .	1
behold , what do you want ?	but you were born here .	0
the energy that is required to release these explosions is --	i 'm a lawyer , and i 'm offering to take your case .	0
see , that 's what i 'm talking about , man , coming together .	that 's what i 'm talking about , man .	1
oh i do n't mind telling him .	i do n't mind if you tell him .	1
red wolf	unless ... ?	0
never heard of him again .	this has taken place - subject to guarantees concerning due process - where only one member state is interested in fishing .	0
the water shines like a clear mirror .	water levels sparkle like a polished mirror .	1
then you 're up .	do n't be a fool .	0
we have new management to answer to now , cal , and they are interested in sales , not discretion .	we answer to the new bosses , cal , and they 're interested in selling copies , not discretion .	1
the thing is , when we do have our baby , we 're gon na need the upstairs .	the thing is , if we have a baby , we 'll need a room upstairs .	1
no directed fisheries for deep sea sharks are permitted .	i mean , seriously , is this fair ?	0
i need to go meditate and get my chi back in alignment .	i have to go meditate and return my chi to balance .	1
so tell me , nagus ... how was your day ?	tell me , nagusi , how you doing today ?	1
an official ceremony will be held for nurse cavell once sister livesey 's hearing is concluded .	the uglier you get , you have to be smarter than that .	0
`` go on , please . ''	`` next , please . ''	1
the elf captain thought that he had a better alternative .	what 's going on here ?	0
that 'd be cool . ... the strangest thinghappened .	that would be cool ... . became a peculiar thing .	1
god , i ca n't believe i ever let you have sex with me .	god ca n't even believe i could have sex with you .	1
are you and donna boyfriend and girlfriend or not ?	i watched it .	0
( faint coughing ) danny ! steve .	i know i can do it .	0
but why me ? i thought all you only recruited boys with rich fathers .	is bek dead as well as everyone else ?	0
silly me .	i 'm a fool .	1
have you wasted my death , and the deaths of so many others ?	someone does n't keep their promises .	0
listen to me , rebecca , i ca n't go with you , but you 've got ta leave .	we 'll be in the joint center .	0
i 'm gon na be , i 'm gon na be paying with cash , actually .	i 'll pay cash .	1
hey , look .	he was just ... really .	0
he finally did it .	so he did it eventually .	1
in reality , it 's not like what we learnt in school .	he was highly groomed by mike , claiming stinky had made a son . '	0
( d ) review periods for certain uses , if appropriate ;	do you know why the canadians never wish for a cake ?	0
i 'm in , in the room .	do n't call them assholes , all right ?	0
how the fuck do you think you can protect her from an ancient , pissed-off vampire when all werewolves do is piss off vampires even more ?	are you gon na fucking throw something at me ?	0
i 'm on a waiting list because of them .	we can take care of ourselves .	0
well , she 's , you know , loose .	am i talking to a doctor ?	0
whenever our shoes are worn out , big brother weaves new ones with his own hands	whenever our shoes are worn , our big brother will make us new .	1
`` it 's your call , doctor . ''	`` you 're entitled to that , doctor . ''	1
mind of a computer .	i told you if you want to play , you have to start taking it seriously .	0
there it is ... exactly what your husband ordered from me .	he caused an arrhythmia .	0
consequently , the following ( 7 ) should be considered as new contractual agreements , having therefore to comply with the unisex rule :	i 'd leave you here without hesitation , and you know it .	0
the late afternoon sun framed him in soft gold light .	please , you 've gone too far .	0
i think you 're gonnafind a lot of good answers in here .	i think you 'll find plenty of good answers .	1
holds : hard boundary	i 'm chief o'brien .	0
the reply nearly made him drop the cup .	the roar of the woods and the sea .	0
and that was two ?	and that was a double ?	1
i 'm not asking you to forgive me .	exactly , my opinion .	0
how 're you feelin ' ?	how you doing ?	1
now , you will stop , or i 'll fire your ass .	you will either end up with this , or i 'll fire you !	1
how is this taking so long ?	he had a penetrating mind , was highly educated , and he knew neither fear nor remorse .	0
not quite !	no !	1
you 're silly .	oh , silly .	1
i ’ il try it another way .	i 'll try another way .	1
there 's a place that i 've ...	you know the place ?	0
they took me to the barn , into the loft , and ... there was my oldest brother dan ... with alice ...	most of the time , especially in the summer when people show up ... ... they 'll see just a closed door .	0
he just came storming into the office , saying he found a bug in his cellphone , asking me if i planted it . i did n't .	he just came to my office , said he found the bug on his cell phone , asking if i had put it there .	1
building you up in my head as some big bad monster .	just deal with it .	0
you in there ! do n't you know your brother 's coming in ?	do n't you know your brother 's back ?	1
i quite understand . - then in all the excitement ...	and then in all that excitement ...	1
he 'll like this .	hey , kyle !	0
you missed all the fun .	you came for all the fun .	1
they lived beyond the battle .	this guy is a businessman .	0
anyway , your subject 's a woman , is n't she ?	i 'm gon na have to go throw up .	0
and some dumplings .	maybe you 'll get in the car ?	0
escapes to full wmi schema .	it escapes the full wmi scheme .	1
to operate sooner would distort the growth of his face .	an earlier intervention would disrupt the growth of his face .	1
they 're the ones getting divorced .	maybe george will take you fishing again , with the newlyweds .	0
no , do n't run !	who says you do n't ?	0
from the north he buys them from their parents ?	he 's buying them from their parents .	1
why do you say that ?	why did she tell ?	1
'i like ghosts . '	`` i like ghosts . ''	1
got prices on our heads .	there 's a reward on our heads .	1
for more information , see the european commission 's solvency ii website .	read more on the website of the european commission on solvency ii .	1
'you know , you have n't f-f-f-finished it , martin , ' he said in his deep , sad voice .	there were new light codes on her own tactical display at her chair , and she gritted her teeth .	0
you owe this to me now .	and stavros , with a bow-bow , turned to those hulagh concentrated his strength into the limp fingers of his left hand .	0
the shiny residue on the burnt portion of the cigarette turned out to be hairspray .	in response to this request , the authority provided the applicant with a reference to the on-line database , where the decision was published .	0
fucking cops are unbelievable .	accofil , which contains the active substance filgrastim , is a `` biologically similar '' medicine .	0
`` well , this should test the friendship , sure enough .	`` well , this is certainly a test of our friendship .	1
so where 's the 1 30 ?	since her name was given to the church , they began to call it many pseudonyms - the caliphate , the holy grail and the roses. ``	0
listen to the wind hitting against the trees .	' % s ' must be specified	0
and you made me feel self-conscious about something that i have n't felt self-conscious about since i was your age .	and now i feel uneasy about you for something i have n't even thought about since i was like you .	1
do you have time for some tea ?	then he released her , stepped back and smiled in response .	0
i 'm afraid you 've got the wrong house .	you know why they call me lotos ?	0
makeup , 50 .	she actually raised them .	0
it even appeared that the current of flame spread more rapidly among the summits of the trees than the current of lava at their bases .	the flood of fire appeared to spread in the trees of trees faster than a flood of lava on the ground .	1
the tlulaxa man did n't want to know the fine details of the mathematics either , only that the concept could work , if properly developed .	then i turned off the lights in the hallway and walked from the room to the room before the controls came to the shops .	0
why the sour puss , lad ?	i guess they did n't give you the name of the witness .	0
the commission had approved employment aid for smes of a maximum intensity of 25 % of the wage bill under scheme n192/97 .	and then maybe you can keep your leg .	0
he bowed deeply at the waist , took her hand , and seemed about to kiss it but hesitated .	he bowed deeply to the tube , took hold of her hand , and seemed to like her hand , then hesitated .	1
linderman was in it .	`` i 'll confess that i would n't be happy to see my sister . ''	0
so ? so ...	who would want to date a house full of nerds ?	0
we 're kissing behinds .	do you know who she was ?	0
do i have to fix this situation ?	you want me to fix this situation ?	1
that 's him , you hear me ?	can you hear me ?	1
well , i did n't tape record her , jack , but that 's the impression i got .	you 're number one , but they only know you in poland .	0
had to get my gun .	i needed my gun .	1
ray ... they 're saying it 's smoke inhalation .	ray said he breathed smoke .	1
within the beneficiary states , focus should be given to policy-making level participants .	in the framework of the beneficiary countries , the focus should be on participants who are policy makers .	1
it 's okay . i am a leaf on the wind !	i 'm a ticket in the wind !	1
the second deck was a brightly illuminated corridor lined by cabins in which the chief officers and their women would be quartered .	well , what do you want to do ?	0
he 's here every christmas eve .	they come here every christmas .	1
he just needs another case .	he just needs another case , nothing more .	1
i want him on the list . let 's put him on the list . - no , no , no .	i feel good with your brother .	0
i promise you ! i 've been there , and --	i 'm telling you , i was there and --	1
request naval gunfire be lifted on target areas , coordinates two-four-six-zero-sugar-tare .	we 're requesting a cease-fire at the target area , coordinates two-four-six-zero-owl-topol .	1
the city is good ...	daddy , the city is fine !	1
sam ... ... they took the ring .	it 's my fault .	0
yes , there is .	yes , they are .	1
can you take a check ?	you taking checks ?	1
no beer ?	he ran from the stream to one of the thick overhanging branches .	0
of course , nobody 'd told them about the little problem in timing they faced .	nobody told them about the small problem , of course .	1
are they still alive ? `` and that violent yet comic sense ?	do they still exist with their violent sense of humor ?	1
apparently , voyager was declared officially lost 14 months ago .	oh , baby .	0
it 's kinda chilly , actually .	it 's a little chilly .	1
bitch , you want vodka ?	woman , you want vodka ?	1
i just saw him .	member states have attempted to introduce a rule that non-executive board members devote enough time to their duties .	0
his stomach was upset .	he wants to talk sometimes .	0
steady-state of 9-hydroxy-risperidone is reached within 4-5 days of dosing .	pray to your personal god , may the scrap fly !	0
well , uh that means everybody i know is they 're dead .	hail france !	0
to be a able to say we did our best . it allows us to die at peace .	he won an opposition candidate with a democratic mandate , with a fresh wind in mexico .	0
the netherlands vennootschap onder firma ( general partnership )	and we started building a year ago .	0
i think your husband is trying to say that he does n't want you to go out with me .	maybe that 's it , but i do n't .	0
first and foremost , the honorable , mayor robbins .	in the first place , honored mayor robbins !	1
you would n't dare hatch this on your own , you pissant !	you ca n't even talk right now .	0
would such a transmission of information have an impact on the data subject , additional justification and safeguards should be included .	where such transfer of information has an impact on the body examined , further reasons should be included and guarantees should be included .	1
you would be a smash on a book tour .	she acquiesced in his presence , comforted by his presence and felt a sweet , penetrating warmth coming through her .	0
i thought if i made it look like she fell in the pool ...	dennis turned from the bridge , dropped some hundred fathoms and turned into the woods .	0
well , it 's made from specially-bred rabbits that live in the himalayas .	your colleague .	0
i need a half mil .	i will act as someone who recently inherited it , and who has no idea how valuable it is .	0
because she sacrificed herself	because she sacrificed her life .	1
anyway , there 's two different types of them out there .	there are two different kinds .	1
are you gon na say something ?	the widget used as a project template ( below exists )	0
no , i just shave .	baby , i 'm not here to pay for you .	0
ass out .	sally , amazingly , her parents liked her , maybe even more than me .	0
they say inspiration is 99 % perspiration and in my case it 's at least twice that ...	i 'll take it off .	0
it 's like banksy or something .	that 's why i ate them .	0
came right in and took it .	charges for electrify $ 5 for gas $ 5 yes	0
oh , yeah , they like live rats .	my apologies .	0
where and how can i weep and beg ? from whom ?	where can i cry ?	1
and i ... i gave her whisky too , cos it ... it told me to .	i gave her whiskey too , because it was written there .	1
if we do n't go see him , he 'll think we took off with the damn vaccine .	if we do n't go after him , he 'll think we broke up with the vaccine .	1
lil give me a chance to cheer you on for a change .	we 're all going to fly , orv !	0
one every 8 hours . let me know how it goes .	take one every eight hours and then you can tell me how you feel .	1
at last he started in his chair , and his eyes brightened .	then he moved in his chair , his eyes glowing .	1
they say he 's the heavyweight champ of the whole world !	he 's a real heavyweight champion of the world .	1
fly safe , okay ?	since the office has applied for costs and the applicant has been unsuccessful , the latter must be ordered to pay the costs .	0
what a brothel i see here !	we had no choice but to remove them from the stables for transport .	0
yeah , but i 'm not around next week .	a formal rule is conducted by a 28-member member of the pugboard council , for five years .	0
but then , i had n't eaten anything yet myself .	but on the other side , i have n't eaten anything myself .	1
shut up . i 'm serious .	shut up , i mean it .	1
she did .	she found it .	1
but that 's impossible .	it 's not possible .	1
ok , girls , that 's it . - we love you , lightning !	we love you lightning .	1
wait ... you 're the girl who stuck me here three years ago .	i found him !	0
i know if i go see dash , he 's going to make it all better .	all right , i 'll call the swat team .	0
dr. verbinski , they need you in o.r . 4 now .	dr. verbinsky , they need you in room 4 .	1
you got ta sign in .	`` if not , who will give you my assurance then ? ''	0
i 'll be prepared , whatever it is .	i 'll be ready , no matter what .	1
mr. hardy -- you can call me ryan .	you can call me ryan .	1
i went blind from too many words	i 've gone blind with so many words .	1
and the men dig , gouge each other because you both imagine one will strike oil while the other drowns in his own blood .	and men dig , they cut , as they both imagine one stop the oil and the others drown in their own blood .	1
like a girl singer .	chapter twenty-two inspector slack , as i contacted him , gave brief and energetic orders .	0
she grew a little older while he was telling her .	criminal number one in the world .	0
double defendants .	two defendants .	1
i do n't even know what i was running for -- i guess i just felt like it .	i do n't even know why i ran - i guess i wanted to .	1
what 's going on ? call 911 !	call 911 !	1
ten thousand years old ... he could be a difficult enemy .	everything must be taken around you .	0
aah . for the love of zeus .	for the beloved zeus !	1
a working group on minimum sound levels for silent vehicles has been set up by unece .	this just shows how hollywood is incredibly precise .	0
i could n't take breaking zaynabs heart .	i did n't have the courage to break zaynaba 's heart .	1
she never seems to fall in love with any of them . '	she likes it when you hold her ...	0
`` me pipes 'll be needing a new bag , '' bradwarden mused .	`` my bagpipes need a new bag .	1
i know you 've been buying five sessions at a time .	i know you 've paid five lessons now .	1
scientology .	thank you for coming .	0
rex ! rex , can you hear me ?	you son of a bitch !	0
because my fellow warblers and i understand the stakes involved .	i did n't even have to drop `` chambers '' at all , man .	0
i ’ ve had a bit of a life-changing morning .	i had a morning that changed my life a little bit .	1
what else can we do ?	what else do we have to do with you ?	1
and he said , `` leon , i 'm just going over to new york hospital	`` leon , i have to go to new york hospital right now , because yoko 's giving birth any minute .	1
happy first day to you - ready three on jane .	she said you gave it to her for her 21st birthday .	0
i figured he 'd kept this room for extra space .	he will give allegro assai a marking pace	0
( sighs ) reynolds ?	`` even the great old reporters on even the old giornalists . ''	0
i do n't even deserve to be near you . i want your blood .	i want your blood .	1
stalked and kidnapped me .	someone 's still upstairs .	0
somebody was inside the house ?	an assortment of high-end antiques at reasonable prices .	0
are n't you ?	we could n't find the key to the closet .	0
usual programs abroad are china , india ... you 're just applyin ' here .	we 'll send you home to your mom 's house , like red orphans !	0
you know , bring them home , see how they look .	i 'll bring them home and see what they look like .	1
you 're in a downward spiral .	grayson etiquette puzzles me .	0
she loved patrick , but this was far above and beyond the call of romance .	you look pleased .	0
well , what brings you to town today ?	what brings you today ?	1
this is becoming a joke .	he let the water trickle down his head , all over his body , barely noticing the muffled footsteps .	0
that same day , a flight of fifty dragons passed directly overhead .	a squadron of fifty dragons flew overhead the same day .	1
we can even go to the amazon .	we 're going to the amazon .	1
i thought i smelled poo-poo breath . ... garbage dutyfor a week as punishment .	my dad 's in ny , so it 's gon na be quiet .	0
sample preparation before analysis should be carried out with the necessary care to ensure that the furan content of the sample is not altered .	the sample preparation prior to analysis should be performed properly , in order to ensure that the volume of the furlong in the sample is not altered .	1
it does n't hurt when you turn it ? '	does n't it hurt when you delay it ? ``	1
i 'll tell you the sordid details later .	okay , i need cars .	0
`` they 're diverting the peloi , princess , ' martel replied .	they were rough men , with hard eyes , wary , features sharp and sharp .	0
i made 91 goals this year before you showed up .	i gave 91 goals before you came .	1
as the shape bore her over on to her back , sister mary uttered a gibbering shriek that went through roland 's head like the dark bells themselves .	actually , once i was four , i made a record in a beating .	0
what do you want , sofia ?	sofía , what do you want ?	1
death is the end .	death will all be over .	1
some crazy junkie ho went all kung fu in there !	some crazy junkie started doing kung fu .	1
you should be ashamed , lily ! ashamed !	lan ... ... i 'm getting this plane out of here .	0
be right there , buddy .	be careful , v do n't send out invitations , we 've heard that another girl has fallen on him .	0
in the long history ... ... of our world no minbari has evertaken an off-worlder as lover or mate .	in the forlorn history ... ... of our world , no minbari have ever taken an alien from a husband or mate .	1
laurie explained how she had made the identification of the headless corpse with the chest x-ray , and the fact of the two surgeries .	laurie told how she managed to find out the identity of the headless body with the help of an x-ray of her chest and information about two operations .	1
sword chamber .	the chambers of the sword .	1
sturm hesitated , glanced around at the goblins crowding inside the inn .	sturm hesitated , and regarded the goblins around him , who stretched out into the inn .	1
it 's aerodynamically impossible for them to fly , but they do it .	| | article 68	0
how 's it going ?	all right , if that 's a problem , we 'll just change the tablecloth .	0
can you hold on one second ?	you can stand for a second	1
fifty dollars for bear mace in the face .	50 bucks for a killer bear in the face .	1
i am the reincarnation of leon trotsky .	i thought she rejected you .	0
`` the newest , fastest , deadliest thing his imperial majesty has ever put into space .	`` the most recent , fastest-killing thing ever released into space by his imperial majesty .	1
she was switching channels on the tv , and your song came on .	the infidel winced as the gun came out of her mind , and the broken fervent walls of the lair drew blood .	0
i mean , the military hires them to deceive elite specops units .	i mean , the military hired them to lead an elite unit .	1
the old administration used it to travel between cellblocks a and b .	the former administration was taking it between blocks a and b .	1
how ya doin ' , baby ?	how you doing ?	1
how about you ?	epso / ast / 104 / 10 - nuclear inspections - assistants ( ast 4 )	0
calibos ... ... had every advantage !	calibos had all the advantages !	1
let 's bring her in , see what 's inside .	pull her in , let 's see .	1
can we have one gefilte fish and some ex-lax ?	we 'll have a fish and a laxative .	1
by the time you 're a doctor , i wonder where i 'll be ?	when you 're a doctor , where am i gon na be the same time ?	1
taking the senate seat .	do you still have your gun ?	0
i am alessandro felice . and i am your host .	i do n't like how our separation evolves .	0
and i did n't . and it saved your life .	so i did n't give up , and that saved your life .	1
you might as well look good . how are you doing ?	how are you doing ?	1
yeah , he did .	yes , i did .	1
yeah , you can leave it .	you can leave them here .	1
you 're ridiculous ! - ( beeps )	you 're ridiculous !	1
`` the news blackout , '' floyd said flatly .	now i feel like i 'm not making the best of myself .	0
( chuckles ) but you 're not .	but you 're not .	1
we are unable to bring you jeremy 's roadtest of a ferrari on the moon .	we 're not able to broadcast jeremy 's ferrari test on the moon .	1
yeah , except the justice department was gon na figure you out .	yeah , except that the justice department had a fall for you .	1
you mean he painted the same tree over and over again ?	and did you notice any other problems - with serious bleeding ?	0
vimes opened his mouth to say no , but did n't .	vimes 's mouth was open to rejection , but he finally said nothing .	1
guess which famous multi-media building i 'm walking up to right now .	guess what famous multi-media buildings i 'm just walking into .	1
i would n't have cared .	like banksy and everything .	0
youth unemployment	it 's none of your business , dad .	0
i 'm right here , marnie .	right there , marnie .	1
how the two of you have survived this long , i will never know .	yes , he 's still here .	0
except jack only had an emf meter . i 've got a gun .	except that jack only had an emp detector .	1
your clean clothes are ready ! thank you so much	we are trying to find out why it occurred and why it was affecting only some members of the crew .	0
you are .	you 're the one .	1
but when you see me wearing a flower in my lapel later , you are most welcome to sniff it .	i thought you hated the underdog films .	0
that day , i saw the most awesome display of firepower i 'd ever seen .	but what i saw on that day was the most terrifying display of the power of fire i had ever seen .	1
i 'm being held prisoner , along with my aunt , by komarran terrorists at the southport transport docks and locks .	i 'm with my aunt imprisoned by komarran terrorists in a southern shipping company .	1
said it was a scam .	he said it was a hoax .	1
merry christmas , my ángel .	and when the time came for you to choose between him and allelin , you did n't hesitate .	0
this number allows your mobile telephone to be blocked preventing a third person from using it , even with a different sim card .	this number also allows the phone to be blocked so that no other person can use it , even if he inserts another sim card .	1
member states have sought to establish the principle that non-executive directors should dedicate sufficient time to their duties .	when he had stopped before the lamaze office , there was still a police tape on the lawn before the trial .	0
she 's off the main floor .	`` doctor , are you suggesting that you have limited communications ? ''	0
do n't take me off the case !	do n't take the case !	1
and that is what made him sick .	and he got sick of it .	1
can you call and maybe push to tomorrow or , um , ... something like that ? just tell them there 's an emergency or something .	he does n't have to make sense .	0
i did n't recognise half my family .	i did n't recognize half the family .	1
he must .	what a crazy dream !	0
i only have seven dogs , and a parakeet .	this room probably served as an extra space .	0
be my guest . it saves me the paperwork .	it 's like being on a quiet lake when you have a tornado inside .	0
did n't bother to tell me ?	and you did n't tell me anything ?	1
my husband played a lot of tricks on me .	my husband used to make fun of me .	1
maybe half that .	who can tell me how the viking warriors have arrived ?	0
good morning . how 's our patient ?	good morning .	1
name :	name : sonia šabacká	1
mr. perez de la torre .	you call the da .	0
eporatio 2,000 iu/0.5 ml	clint , what are you doing here ?	0
information may be used to enhance , evaluate , or otherwise review the web site , service , product , or market .	eddy , i know this is him .	0
it'sok i know him .	it 's okay . i know him .	1
confectionery , spirits and cigarettes	candy , alcohol and cigarettes	1
corresponding angles are equal .	any sign of a struggle ?	0
`` he did crash into me at speed . ''	`` he rammed into me at speed ... ''	1
that 15-minute break you asked for was up an hour ago .	you disappear during work hours , you lie about who you are , and i do n't even mention i caught you destroying evidence .	0
we got ta get out of this fucking place !	we have to get out of here !	1
the caller cursed aloud and promptly hung up .	the caller swore and hung up .	1
i have to go back to wallbrook . little guy !	i have to go back to wallbrook .	1
`` who 's the psychic ? ''	`` who 's a medium ? ''	1
peter : so great that it does n't really matter how i perform later .	so great that it does n't matter how i lead later .	1
you know , it 's all so goddamn wild .	`` i 'll pick up my gun and then i 'll get willis . ''	0
math question : four * = twelve	math question : three - = two	1
cabot got the president out .	and for being italian .	0
i got ta deal with my own affairs .	i should mind my own business .	1
in case the carriers want to bid on permitted combinations of tenders , they still have to enclose tender budgets for each separate route area .	how 's it going , ladies ?	0
i do n't get it .	i do n't understand .	1
oh . like lord gillingham , thinking his way around the highlands .	are you ready to go back to life and take the next step ?	0
i 'll mourn you ... as i 'm celebrated for discovering this land .	i will mourn for you when they celebrate me for the discovery of this country .	1
we only embrace truth .	what 's in it ?	0
snow makes me calm , i 'm nervous now	the snow should calm me down .	1
`` hello , beatrice - wife , '' he said sepulchrally .	dream , go inside first , okay ?	0
what 's wrong with the gate ?	the girl has achieved it already .	0
i did n't mean to shoot him . i wanted to scare him .	invalid string type offset - table = 0x % 08x , column = 0x % 08x , line = 0x % 08x .	0
those hollywood shows are so incredibly detailed .	'i was going to look at him an hour ago , and he was lying there in the snow , 'she said to him .	0
for twenty-two years ... ... in the capacity of theatre manager ... ... i have stood here and made a speech	no , you can go .	0
the lighthouse was a three-story oblong of boxy cinder block with a pool in the center .	they 're going to let me pull five new cards out of the bag .	0
dr crusher 's research indicates we have less than an hour before cmdr la forge 's transformation becomes irreversible .	somehow i feel like i should follow my instincts .	0
the problem is that my friend could not your size .	my friend said she could n't deal with your balls .	1
we need an integrated approach towards the three pandemics and patient associations are a crucial link in this struggle .	all he had to do was look at me , chucky took care of him .	0
hold on , i want to take it on another phone . i ' ll take it upstairs .	wait , i 'll take this on the other phone .	1
we got the net down , david . good .	we dropped the net , david .	1
because his professional life just would n't get any better than that .	when jenna showed up , i was here .	0
right there on that pillow . - oh .	all the general provisions of the directive should be interpreted in this context .	0
they 're heading toward the alpha quadrant .	he 's headed straight for the alpha quadrant .	1
what was the last cargo we snuck past the alliance to transport ?	i do n't see any license .	0
i want you to rack your brains .	i want you to strain your brains .	1
nobody 's seen her for at least an hour .	the subcommittee is working under the supervision of the committee of the association , which must be presented with a report after each of its meetings .	0
not to be crass ... that 's your job , pat .	that 's your job , pat .	1
check this out , charlie .	look at that , charlie !	1
i figure we have less than a week before they head back out into the galaxy , and in much greater numbers .	the terrace at both floors is oriented to the inner courtyard .	0
the symptoms of violence increase during menstruation ...	i was told i 'd find her here .	0
to think once i actually thought you were cool .	i mean , once i actually thought you were great .	1
how many we know have died these past two years ?	some students do n't even have the ability to study english anymore .	0
all right ?	what did you just say ?	0
after they released me ...	after they let me ...	1
they stood their ground and died like men .	maybe discuss a few things .	0
i need to talk to you . - oh , oh .	'do you think i could have succeeded ? 'ehlana asked count lenda .	0
that was great .	that was awesome !	1
when i was your age , they would say : we could become cops or criminals .	and today , the horchow collection .	0
tell me who is contacting you from the taliban .	it turned out the reason that earlier doctors thought it was n't a neurological problem was that it was n't a neurological problem .	0
chair of cinema studies ?	well , she is , you know , pliable .	0
the truth is , i do n't know how i feel .	the truth is , i do n't know what kind of mood i 'm in .	1
if i could massacre every person in this godforsaken country ... ... that helped tear apart mine , i would .	sometimes , at some point , you 'll have an opportunity to say , `` what is the thing called time ? ''	0
bobby pondered this glumly on their walk home , his pleasure at the strange , muddled movie they had seen mostly gone .	i 'm taking my bedroom .	0
by gambling it away , trying to win back what you snorted ?	you gon na win it back , try to win back what you 've done ?	1
what exactly are we gon na do ?	the council therefore , in this case , was wrongly added between the legal basis of the contested decision , article 79 ( 3 ) tfeu .	0
do you really think that a handbrake will stop a speeding train ?	who can you trust in the fbi ?	0
the first time i went scrambling with the rebels .	it was my first ride with rebels .	1
peter was the smallest one .	hey , nadya , i hope you 're shooting at me , you 're done .	0
'stay here , silver , ' he said .	'you stay here , silver , 'he said .	1
why not ? he wondered suddenly .	why not ? he thought .	1
it 's going to be fine .	do n't talk to us like adopted .	0
what 's wrong with you morons ?	what are you , idiots ?	1
28 – commission v germany , paragraph 30 .	28 - commission v commission , paragraph 18 .	1
i 'll sit here and watch tv with you .	but we do n't have to do anything , i 'm just gon na sit here and watch tv with you .	1
why would a college kid yell that ?	why would a student like that scream ?	1
warning of possible japanese aggressive movement in any direction . `` broken relationship .	warning of possible japanese aggression in any direction .	1
what , like motel home ?	like a motel ?	1
`` maybe with that nice detective ramirez that found you sooo fascinating . ''	`` maybe this will be detective ramirez , who finds you fascinating . ''	1
like when i told my wife she could choose the color for the living room walls , you know ?	i 'm the youngest at the eighth level , sir .	0
she 's always going on about the flow of energy the spirits of animals .	she is still talking about the flow of energy , the souls of the souls .	1
quite sure , mr carson .	jimmy .	0
you planned this all along .	you planned this whole thing .	1
( c ) category 2 with category 3 : the co 2 concentration and the engine fuel flow .	category 2 with category 3 :	1
right , then we can go find linda .	we can go look for linda .	1
`` my word ! '' he said .	hey , you keep that on the field , kids .	0
are we crazy to be thinking about buying this ?	do you like them in los angeles , dad ?	0
i 'm good .	spr 2 the affected area must be marked for treatment .	0
you will not beat your wife , ( women cheering ) you will not beat your kids .	my website is publicly available ... ... so that prospective clients can take a look at us .	0
i was saying something ...	i said something .	1
in all cases the term of customer loans is subject to dma ’ s capacity to refinance itself for similar terms .	the english have 18 of our men at fort carolina .	0
hey , doll , wassup ?	do you have enough guts , sir ?	0
do n't worry , she 'll launch on schedule ... if we have to tow her out with our bare hands , right , scotty ?	do n't worry , they 'll go as planned , even if we have to take it with our bare hands , right , scotty ?	1
i 'm going to fuck you so hard .	i 'm gon na fuck you so hard , that sperm is going to run out of your ears .	1
so your granny 's kind of intense .	where have you been ?	0
certainly .	of course .	1
we say not yet ... ... but with moderate confidence we can say they will have them by 2007,2009 .	let 's say not yet ... ... but with mild optimism we can say they will have them by 2007 , 2009 .	1
'no , no - christ , no - it 's not the work of a vampire , harry !	`` no , not - for god 's sake - it 's not a vampire 's work , harry , but surely some monsters .	1
she 's just here now instead of in the audience like she was last year .	it 's just here , a place in the audience , like last year .	1
he feels it went well .	he feels he 's done it .	1
at some time in your life you will have occasion to say , `` what is this thing called time ? ''	you 're kidding me .	0
you answer me !	will you answer me ?	1
what timing ! what finesse ! what a genius !	what timing , what skill .	1
she 's gon na be much worse than last time .	he 'll be much worse off than he did last time .	1
that 's becoming more apparent each day , sir .	that manifests itself more and more every day , sir .	1
unfortunately , we must now convince others this is the prudent course of action .	what are you gon na do about it ?	0
sometimes a barracuda will pitch up camp in , either turbulent harbour waters or well-visited bay areas .	the barracuda will occasionally camp out in busy waters of hares or glands .	1
i leave for tucson tomorrow , and i thought he should know as soon as possible .	gloria , it was n't me , okay ?	0
i always listed her in the bs in my personal information in case it fell into the wrong hands .	i 've always had her in my personal records under bs in case anyone gets up to them .	1
give me four fried rats . '	if you want to die , do it yourself .	0
for us , nariko . for the clan .	for us , narika .	1
but it is n't going to be just today , ben .	for all these memories , jonesy was sure that the fifteenth of march had passed .	0
smooth-bore weapons specially designed for military use ;	firearms with a smooth discharge , specially designed for military use ;	1
`` hey , '' karrde said , reaching over to slap one of the animals lightly across the muzae .	you might want to step back .	0
114 ba-ca also claims that the court of first instance breached the rules of evidence in relation to the economic report .	114 moreover , the ba-ca states that the court of first instance infringed the principle of carrying out evidence in the context of an economic expert examination .	1
in the ten years that have passed since then , turisme de barcelona has helped to improve both the image and tourist facilities of the city .	it 's a burden i have to live with and also die with .	0
i would if i thoughtfor a second they could pull it off .	i 'd do it if i only thought they could pull it off .	1
but whatever it was , he does n't want to see you .	not even the ribs .	0
is that what you heard ?	you heard that ?	1
“ sir , the admiral can tell you what the navy ’ ll say . ”	`` sir , the admiral can tell you what the navy 's going to say . ''	1
what i 'd like to do is lose a decent amount of weight .	at the beginning of time , men , animals and magical beings lived together under aiglin , the ottoman tree .	0
they should be involved in case studies on anticipation and restructuring and on successful practices .	therefore , they should be involved in case studies about pre-empting , restructuring and successful procedures .	1
he speaks like a man with his testicles in a vise .	i 'll tell you what i 'm paid for , and you will tell me if it 's for the servant .	0
that thing you said about my dad , my issues ...	what you said about my dad , you problem --	1
in early september i was photographed for a calendar by the photographer jakub ludvík in miami .	there 's still a kind of share , but the electrons are on that side of the molecule .	0
federation soldiers will accompany those who agree to accept the conditions i am offering , so there will be some protection offered and order imposed .	to those of you who accept the terms offered , federal troops will be joined for the protection and establishment order .	1
'i would n't do that , if i was you . '	besides , we do n't care .	0
i 'll see you on the outside , randy .	i 'll see you out there , randy .	1
did tasha remember her , from christmas ?	did tasha remember her night ?	1
i 've just never seen anything like this in 20 years .	i had n't seen such a thing for twenty years .	1
you 've become a savage !	i mean , they 're probably dropping their butts off somewhere or something .	0
ca n't you see i 'm trying to eat here ?	the angel of the flesh and bones you can ask , torture him and he bleeds .	0
i 'm sorry i have to ask you these questions ... but they want a full report downtown .	i 'm sorry , i had to ask them 'cause they 're gon na want a detailed report from me .	1
would you like to converse in french ?	you want to talk french ?	1
i finally meet a nice girl , with legs that do n't quit ... and that jerk flexo steals her away ?	i got up , i put on my boy scout , and i got a space suit over him .	0
you 're not going runnin ' after a coprolite like chrysoprase , sir ? '	you do n't run for such a colossus like chrysopram , do you ? '	1
you believe me , do n't you ?	you believe me .	1
your present to me , your mother 's broach .	it 's a gift from you , brooch of your mother .	1
the list is a cell a group kidnaps orphans worldwide .	that 's a list from the phone of a band carrying orphans from all over the world .	1
harry glanced all about ; bodrogk and his remaining four were nowhere to be seen ; another terror approached .	just great .	0
this is my reconstruction . coitus took place in may , because that 's when there were the most parties .	according to my reconstruction , intercourse took place at the start of may because it was the most parties .	1
you drank late and missed the last train ?	did you have a long drink and you missed the last train ?	1
this package contains additional utilities .	i 'm anthony , please .	0
hey , just a second here !	a gun .	0
i was relieved .	we fuck together , that 's all .	0
you do n't think that .	you do n't mean that .	1
maybe it 's time to go home , barbara .	maybe it 's time to go home .	1
there was a moment 's silence , faces glancing one from the other .	taxes ?	0
scans . cultures .	there 's got to be a way right down there .	0
look around each installed landscape .	take a look around each of the installed surfaces .	1
they wo n't have alan harper to kick around anymore .	they wo n't be able to kick alan harper out .	1
it is only a matter of time , captain before we can power the transporters ourselves .	what did i say this time ?	0
22 that assessment is not called in question by the provisions of the eec-turkey agreement and the additional protocol .	a woman must care about her husband. ``	0
adding them up , he smiled .	the quickest way to save yourself .	0
there is a shortcut to the tokugawa temple grounds	and what do i owe the fact that you changed your mind about my stay here ?	0
you 're going to lose your job , your badge , and your freedom .	you lose jobs , badge , and freedom .	1
after i was recruited into the fraternity i found out that max petridge 's is name that come up . weeks before the federal judge was killed .	when they took me to the brotherhood , i found out that petridge 's name came up a couple of weeks before this murder .	1
he bumps into him on purpose and shoots him with a tiny dart of lethal poison called succinylcholine , induces a heart attack .	he runs into it deliberately and shoots him with an arrow filled with a deadly poison , called sucinylcholine , a symptom of a heart attack .	1
iran , or gone right to the black market .	serbian	0
`` train someone up ? '' said esk , horrified .	`` are you going to teach anyone ? '' asked esk , horrified .	1
as i see it , we have to get photographs of your bruises .	let 's take a picture of your bruises .	1
comb through missing persons , we 'll find him there .	we 'll find him among the missing .	1
why is he special to you ? '	that 's very important people .	0
humans .	hungarian steam cattle	0
'aye , so he promised . '	`` he promised . ''	1
the turbine-driven m-1 tanks did not make the roar of diesel-powered tanks .	yes , without any details .	0
every time we get separated , it is memorable to me because i often think , well , maybe this is it .	every time we 're split up , it 's a memorial for me , because i often think it 's here .	1
you got into this together . you can get yourselves out of this together .	but before mace windu or another member of the council officially retails , he will continue his mission as best as he can .	0
i do n't even know how to act around you anymore . - this is n't easy for me either .	it 's not easy for me either .	1
the social security number and the tranfer number .	social security number and your requested services .	1
in two minutes , men had climbed to the outside , dropped down , and opened the gate .	within two minutes they climbed out , dismounted and opened the gate .	1
or something .	he 's usually funny and sweaty .	0
how are you two over here ?	let 's get the radio .	0
that pilot was my husband , and i got off .	the pilot was my husband and the charge was withdrawn .	1
heil , just because it 's the end of the world , does n't mean you got ta starve .	no . just because it 's the end of the world , you do n't have to go hungry .	1
but i 'm very afraid . . .	did you have to go through noon ?	0
there , finished . let 's do this !	it 's there , done !	1
bring back sana .	ray was .	0
turns out the reason that prior doctors thought it was n't a neuro problem is because it 's not a neuro problem .	full display - paste 6	0
rasmus , cut it .	all right , now .	0
and then you go and do this ? - do what ? !	i 'll do what ? !	1
what ? id like to buy your car .	i 'd like to buy your car .	1
um , he 's a bit of a guy 's guy .	then he must come to my house .	0
he had someplace to go .	he must have gone somewhere .	1
is this not true ? '	is n't that right ? ``	1
he had as he picked it up seen what was written , but the situation dominated him for the instant .	as he took the paper , he could see what was written on it , but the circumstances prevailed at the moment .	1
although lilith 's samples died first , all of the samples died within a period of a day or two at most .	samples from lilith died first , but others died in another one or two days .	1
you see ... ... l did n't want you interested in me just because i owned a pretty face .	are you calling from my phone and calling your fucking friends ?	0
lastly , the commission notes that the beneficiaries have not been chosen following a public tender procedure .	finally , the commission notes that the beneficiaries were not selected on the basis of a public competition .	1
to the east he saw nothing but broken plains , and to the west the arid valley .	in the east there was only a bare plain , and in the west of the arid valley .	1
i got the bedroom .	i keep thinking , who was he ?	0
you drop your keys and they skid across the tiles .	give me four baked rats. ``	0
one good idea after another .	one idea better than the other .	1
given his vicodin abuse , i think he has hepatic encephalopathy .	should i be mad at him if he wants to hold me up with tesla ?	0
what is the actual meat ? what cut , what animal ?	you will take me away in that mess .	0
listen up , boys . word of advice :	listen , guys , excellent advice .	1
patch me through to secretary heller 's cellphone .	chloe , put me on secretary heller 's phone .	1
cleaners are part of the audience too .	the cleaners are also viewers .	1
papa has it too .	daddy 's got the gift too .	1
oh ... i like it here . i do n't mind .	take a deep breath .	0
pay 'em . pay 'em whatever they want .	pay them whatever they want .	1
you can always tell the winners . you can tell the losers .	you 'll know the winners and losers .	1
i 'll collect elena and we 'll be on our way .	when she stood over me in her golden robes and masses , the anger was still breaking with her .	0
i 've learnt to be more careful .	i learned to be more careful .	1
maybe they could give us some food soon .	they could give us something to eat .	1
i swear , kevin . if bram is n't gay , i 'm a rope-skipping circus monkey .	kevin , if bram is not gay , i 'm a virgin .	1
must go to tibet for a period of time .	i have to go to tibet for a while .	1
yeah , first chance i get , i 'll ... i 'll show you myself .	i 'll show you myself .	1
favorites , who will join her ?	thank you very much , katya .	0
the first thing we have to do is you have to change .	the first thing we need to change ...	1
it 's not likeit 's a packet of fucking peanuts .	it 's not a bag of fucking nuts .	1
these anxieties have too often been ignored .	this anxiety is all too often ignored .	1
sms - gateway : clickatell	sms gateway clickatell	1
what , do you have no brain ?	mount rushmore then , partenon .	0
if only they knew the real story .	if only they knew what really happened .	1
he grew it .	make it safe , okay ?	0
`` yes , you can .	`` yes , you see .	1
a minister of the crown .	`` what did they want from gulfstream ? ''	0
eventtype : audit failure	but there 's only eight names on the list. ``	0
`` i should never , never have kept grant , '' jordan said finally , `` when things blew up with ari .	this number is likely to be unusable .	0
a month ago , you did n't think i was man enough .	`` do n't let them touch you , '' caramon whispered .	0
in places , volcanoes have erupted to build great submarine mountains .	notice how nobody sees anything here .	0
but ... very clever people in klatch , are they ? '	the focus will mainly be on industrial production , learning , and bio-production .	0
you do n't stand a chance .	and now he lives on like a normal guy .	0
president of south africa	he was close enough to kiss me .	0
bill passing ! bruiser 's bill !	according to her , she had a guy .	0
- muscle cramps .	i 'm not going .	0
'please do n't dig your nails into my back ...	`` you can buy me some popcorn . ''	0
that would explain why we do n't have engine power .	that would explain why we do n't have the drive .	1
and that 's why we need hassop . ''	that 's why we need hassop. ``	1
for another , yes , okay , i ’ m afraid of them .	and second , all right , i 'm scared of them .	1
his throne was overthrown at home , so he was fleeing to america with the national treasure .	they saddled him from the throne , so he fled to america with the entire state treasure .	1
oh , my god . will you put that thing away ?	oh , my god . can you get that out ?	1
yes , i am not wearing a wedding ring , but i am married .	it 's better that you were wrong now than if you were on saturday .	0
i told you they were not ...	i said i did n't ...	1
make him stay .	keep him here .	1
only undertakings satisfying the conditions laid down in this article shall be authorised as packing centres .	as a package / class , only undertakings which meet the conditions laid down in this article may be approved .	1
my daddy and a new friend .	dad and some of his new friends .	1
perhaps these dresses belong to somebody he knows .	i followed your truck .	0
he did not press the matter , however .	you did n't let me defend myself .	0
it 's comforting thatmr . kraler and his secretary ... ... are down there below us , in the office .	it 's reassuring that somewhere below , mr. kraler and his secretary are .	1
and you just might hang on to your leg .	no , it 's not even honest .	0
today that number is almost beyond comprehension . 19,000 per minute . 10 billion per year .	wade , take her .	0
‘ well , you didn ’ t ask me if you could get out of the cell ; you asked how someone could get like me . ’	`` lucky for you .	0
the e.r . docs missed it , because he did n't present with major symptoms yet .	the e.r . overlooked that because he had n't yet had the main symptoms .	1
some people are n't too happy that he 's out on bail awaiting an appeal .	the one that softens his snoring ?	0
she 's got problems .	she 's in trouble .	1
no , i do n't have the sign , actually .	`` no , it 's not blood , '' maldragon protested .	0
weapons .	and do you think it really can cause hexachlorobenzen to do it ?	0
this is not about us , milo .	[ 6 ] oj l 63 , 13.3.1996 , p .	0
cindy showed up , so , right away , scott ... you got to be pretty psyched .	the cops scream , they 're incredible .	0
okay , so , with that in mind , go tell your dad he 's doing a good job .	national regulatory authorities should also cooperate with international standardisation organisations and stakeholders from the sector to develop common technical standards in this area .	0
i do n't have a problem , you do	we have another dead man , and this time it looks like an animal attack , fishermen have bitten off the hand .	0
okay .	no , you 're kind . i 'm not even dressed .	0
toranaga 's worthy of you , you of him .	toranaga 's worthy of you , and yours too .	1
it should be noted that intratracheal instillation may constitute a valid alternative in specific situations .	it should be noted that in specific situations the alternative may be intratracheal instigation .	1
which audioscrobbler services do you wish to use ?	do you want to use an audioscrobbler-only device ?	1
egg liqueur , ice cream , whipped cream , caramel and chocolate	mixed fruit whipped cream , egg cognac , fruit icing , turkey	1
during access to file ryanair was inadvertently provided with confidential information of certain other parties .	mr. forrester , i 'm sure i 'll speak for all of you when i thank you for your unexpected visit .	0
it 's something else . it 's making me worse .	so this is maybe the moment i messed everything up , so you could forgive me too .	0
when someone is more likely to remember ,	if anyone can remember anything ,	1
|| yarn of staple or waste artificial fibres , not put up for retail sale	| | scale yarn of cut-off or waste artificial fibres , not modified for retail sale	1
there are a lot of things in this world to be nervous and afraid of .	* i walked out of the womb with my head full of hair *	0
previous to stone 's paper , most discussion of contamination dealt with the hazards to other planets of satellites and probes inadvertently carrying earth organisms .	ahead of stone 's article , discussions tended to be a danger , threatening other planets from satellites and probes , which must be borne by earth-like microorganisms .	1
we straighten it all the way , we could break the kid 's neck .	before injecting aranesp , you must take the following steps :	0
like a bunny . come on . - hop .	maybe twix .	0
shame what happened to your father .	your father was too bad .	1
they were suspended this morning pending further investigation .	they suspended them this morning and there will be an investigation .	1
i told security to take his key from his office .	security took a key from his office .	1
me and sam will go in .	i 'll go inside with sam .	1
now , tell me what 's the matter .	now tell me what 's going on .	1
he lets it bounce through the surf for a few minutes , then hauls it in and takes a reading .	i ca n't just introduce one , crazy , american drunk to readers	0
she would totally do that .	she could do that .	1
`` you 're crazy !	`` you 're crazy ! everybody likes money .	1
jack : why do they do that , make that sound ?	why do they make that noise ?	1
all right , sure .	all right , all right .	1
they wanted to be around her ; she made them feel good inside .	i know you 're trying to be dramatic , but i ca n't take you seriously in this outfit , bro .	0
yes , i do have an office .	dick will be home by now .	0
must have said it casually .	she had to say it casually .	1
kids do shit like that all the time .	kids do it all the time .	1
when he was well clear of the square and certain that no one was watching , he allowed himself to smile broadly .	oh , michael .	0
we 're rather worried about her .	emma would be happy to grow up .	0
remove him the rope .	you know her . she 's sick .	0
show dad your neck .	let 's see your dad 's neck .	1
`` i 'd be afraid to let it go .	`` i should be afraid to give him up .	1
you ... liked her , do n't you ?	`` come out or you will burn ! ''	0
so much depends on this working out .	much depends on it coming out .	1
that cop , matthews , made us , damn it .	i 'm so tired that i ... - ... ate the whole horse ?	0
the commission will continue to intervene supporting the italian exporters since the grounds for initiating a new investigation appear extremely weak .	i do n't like what this relationship thing has changed you .	0
the three men in dark blue suits who had been chasing them earlier were casually lounging around the car in various states of repose .	the three men in the dark blue suits , who were previously chased , were quietly leaning against the car and looked very calm .	1
he had on a blue , sweatshirt with a hood on it ... that said `` giants '' across the front .	mercy began filling a paper snack bag to cool biscuits from a large tray .	0
you know exactly .	st. michael 's clapecorps .	0
i 've no idea . let me see .	i have no idea .	1
everybody be cool .	but he 'd forgotten the interior of the bottle when he was putting those clothes into the silencer .	0
look , i am never critical of any member of my staff being curious .	i have never criticized any member of my crew for being curious .	1
rule number two --	rule number two .	1
i never imagined a walker being used for anything other than walking .	i never thought you could use a walker for anything other than dating .	1
it 's what 's going down at the beginning of the century .	it was dropped by the start of the century .	1
“ i never saw .	`` i 've never seen him .	1
i have n't eaten for 3 days either i need to eat to be a pretty ghost	if you love this woman , you can change .	0
no , it 's true , michael .	that 's right , michael .	1
nobody does . give us a chance .	rosen 's outside .	0
anybody even looked at me , chucky would take care of him .	he thinks this is yours .	0
there 's just no room for the little guy .	there 's no place for a little man .	1
unsteadily , arthur got to his feet and brushed himself down with a fistful of dried grass .	arthur stood up gingerly on his feet and was brushing the grass of the dry grass .	1
are there traces of a fight ?	xavier and little manion were paying for it now .	0
it 's just like last time .	same as last time .	1
you just upended your ex-wife 's entire life .	this difference is due mainly to drawing in separate direct aids .	0
so it 's time for me to go home , get married , and then get back in the kitchen . i 'll open my own restaurant .	i was scared .	0
ghandi once said ... - ghandi `` that you must be the change you wish ... ''	gandhi once said that you must be the change you wish to see .	1
“ makes sense .	`` it makes sense .	1
may i be of some assistance ?	can i help you ?	1
it 's not the girl . it 's these german scientists i 'm worried about .	no , gertie .	0
when i 'm asked a stupid question , yes .	if someone asks me a stupid question , yes .	1
the first recital in the preamble to regulation no 3357/91 explained this amendment :	change satelitu in 30 seconds !	0
how would the defense possibly prove that it 's mr. camp 's pinkie ?	how can the defense even prove that this is mr. campbell 's little finger ?	1
`` but you said just now that he was a magician of great cunning and artifice , '' protested twoflower .	`` but just a second ago , you said he was a cunning and cunning wizard , '' said twoflower .	1
astrid he looked and wondered if he prefers love or wealth .	he asked himself whether he would prioritise love before wealth .	1
let 's have a drink with lech	it 's more than a city .	0
oh , my god ! this house is fucking huge !	wow , that 's a cow house !	1
oh , that -- those were my crickets .	i need a box of tubes .	0
y ou do n't love me .	you do n't love me .	1
we old folks have much richer sex lives than most young people imagine .	i 'll never leave you .	0
`` depriving me of my beloved for five long weeks .	what harris ferrer has now revealed , however , has delivered another dimension to what the other ship was doing .	0
look at that suit !	we 'll call my bookie , mac .	0
the sullen conversation among the three inmates was on the verge of slicing into vicious bickering when the dark videoplate suddenly brightened .	the conversation between the three prisoners was already threatening to go into a vicious argument when the dark video camera suddenly brightened .	1
why do n't you two get comfy on that couch ?	chapter 40 nick andros slept uneasily on the bunk in the sheriff baker 's office .	0
with brain involvement ?	call the first man .	0
let me tell you , our country china has been here for thousands of years .	i 'll give you another .	0
- en - 22	is n't it good ?	0
cool . i need a vacation myself . heh .	i need a vacation too .	1
did not even bite down on it .	you 're probably thinking , `` what the hell ? ''	0
what 's the matter , darling ?	out of the cab of the drugstore , mr. tashingford was just in his shirt and apron , wielding his hands with photographic plates .	0
i 'll tell you what .	they say the tulens people have it .	0
is that all you can ever think about , talking ?	margaret , where the hell is the damn remote ?	0
what matters is that , um , we 're togetherwhen it comes to raising becca .	what matters is that we raise becca together .	1
a detour ?	tell me who your ally is with the taliban .	0
precisely why i 'm here .	that 's why i 'm here .	1
soon you 'll see me ca n't you feel me , i 'm coming	jesus , what is it for me ?	0
but frankly , the scales of exchange in these other parts of the world , was so much smaller , so much less intense .	the things i 've run away from , i still want , but at the right time with the real thing .	0
directive 2005/32/ec of the european parliament and of the council ( oj l 191 , 22.7.2005 , p. 29 )	directive 2005 / 32 / ec of the european parliament and of the council ( oj l 191 , 22.7.2005 , p .	1
holy ...	holy shit .	1
no , i know that he is not back from his trip yet .	no , i know he has n't come back yet .	1
burning ? blowing our heads ?	blowing his head off ?	1
this is kate 's diary .	this is katharine 's diary .	1
ict can also support large-scale certification of competences .	i want everyone now to write five stimuli that might bring you back into your problems and depressions that could jeopardize your recovery .	0
you pay them when you can . to the others around . try to keep the ...	you can pay them around .	1
all these calls are directed at its tiny foster parents .	my sister and i ran around the house and decided who was going to have a room .	0
you could n't buy him , so now you 're trying to buy me .	you did n't pay him , so you figured you 'd try me .	1
they 're not for sale ! oh ?	they 're not for sale .	1
especially at a restaurant . that 's cray !	your best friend .	0
you ca n't walk around here like that ... naked .	all your files are downstairs .	0
i have not fed them ... can .	keep shooting , idiot !	0
through the mists of anxiety , jason recalled another statement .	through the misty haze of anxiety , jason remembered another statement .	1
i smashed this clock immediately after i gutted him .	captain of the cardinals ' guards .	0
do you think it will ever take the place of night baseball ?	look , he 's been reading some strange books lately ... . and somehow , he seems to have moved on with his mind .	0
company names and registration numbers now published	okay , so she died sometime .	0
i can understand 1 7 major human and saurian languages and imitate many natural sounds	because if they do , i 'll need more time to think .	0
for the first time in her life , kiku did not wish to bow one guest homeward in front of another guest .	for the first time in her life , kiku did not wish to bow to one customer before the other 's eyes .	1
oh , for god 's sake .	`` you will kill him , '' the baron commanded .	0
well , i 've already spoken to the promoters .	i 've already spoken to the organizer .	1
how many pairs of shoes are the patients given ?	how many shoes do patients faze ?	1
man , it 's good to be back .	gore is a rampage .	0
elves understood time differently .	the elves regarded the time differently .	1
oh ... boss , give me a bag	if you really give it to me ... chief , give me your bag .	1
remembering the seventeenth-century bill of lading she ’ d found on saturday in the wine cellar , she decided to return there .	she recalled the 17th century cost sheet , which she found in a wine cellar on saturday , and decided to return there .	1
no good ?	is n't it good ?	1
36 hours into the mass kidnapping of the ballard school children , and this story has taken a bizarre twist .	`` if you wanted the entire evacuation system to sabotage , where would you attack ? ''	0
the ewings think their drunk relative set the fire .	the ewings say a relative has started the fire .	1
i know this is n't who you are .	`` studios ... '' tanis repeated .	0
come in there . we 'll put some gloves on you , toughen you up a little .	let 's get you some gloves .	1
the thunder .	the storm .	1
my complexion is hardly relevant .	according to her , you should get married , have your own kids ...	0
let 's go , baby .	come on , baby .	1
it 'll age you quicker than drugs .	thankfully , it 's not my first mother-son-rodeo .	0
look at me ! stay ! stay !	eat abundant , men .	0
within title vi , entitled ‘ final provisions ’ , article 86 , entitled ‘ full harmonisation ’ , reads as follows :	in title vi , the directive , entitled `` final provisions , '' provides in article 86 , entitled `` full harmonisation '' :	1
not anybody .	no one at all .	1
we both worry too much .	we 're both worried .	1
the cot .	bed .	1
what kind of activity ?	the european chemicals agency ( echa ) has just published the names of companies and registration numbers from registration dossiers under the reach regulation .	0
are you really leaving after attending the wedding ceremony ?	you 're really going after the wedding ?	1
yes . could you please tell him that the issue has been resolved and that mr. lennox wo n't need to meet with him .	karen davis .	0
someone had entered before seldon was quite through .	someone entered her before seldon was finished .	1
i always knew chris was n't a great student , but i had no idea the situation was so dire .	i knew chris was no genius , but i did n't know it was that serious .	1
i never thought i 'd marry anyone at all .	i never thought i 'd ever get married .	1
how you beat me .	how you fucked me .	1
but-but you and ephram are totally different from me .	unable to evaluate % s	0
says we 're surrounded .	i hear we 're surrounded .	1
so many of the girls coming over from the states these days ... get a little , you know , wild .	you two are a really nice couple , a lot of girls coming in from the u.s. today ... they 're a little , you know , wild .	1
the subcommittee shall work under the authority of the association committee , to which it shall report after each meeting .	what do i see ?	0
calm down .	i really like the look on your face .	0
my name 's karen davis .	the other was meant to attack directly at john when he was still a child .	0
the paper looks old .	it 's ike bykovsky .	0
according to biblos anthropology texts , most ancient cultures on earth used to play music that was impulsive , just like a jijoan sextet .	according to the bionic archaeological texts , the oldest human culture on earth was running music that was innatal , just as it was the jijo 's sextet .	1
girl , you did n't get enough yesterday ?	you can build a new sleigh .	0
you 're trying to make sense of something that just fundamentally does n't make sense .	you try to draw a meaningful conclusion from something that makes no sense .	1
once that spinning force develops , it 's almost impossible to stop it .	in honor of the chosen one , as the first official act as your queen , i will return to the beginning , and i 'll repeat it .	0
i 'm gon na have your job .	if i may say something ... i 'd like to apologize now ... for whatever i 've done .	0
he looked ... sad .	he looked ... ... sadly .	1
and you , bobby , guaranteed you 're henpecked .	i swear it was n't my fault .	0
with all respect to my emirate brother ... ... abu dhabi is the future .	but it will cost you $ 40 , mr. dunnison , so you 'd rather the last money ...	0
a few moments later catriana lay down not far away .	little fiona lives alone with a hyperactive developed fantasy .	0
it 's as big as a mortar .	he 's like a mortar .	1
i want you to feel good .	i thought the evolution of algae in an ally was more important than raising my son .	0
he has n't ?	you did n't ?	1
it is my burden to live with ... ... and mine to die with .	this should convince woodford that we have time to think of a better plan .	0
here , give this to tao and tell him to translate it for us in plain english .	forensics took over a hundred prints , mostly unidentified from searches of the house , but found three sets in multiple private locations .	0
when did you get in ? .	when did you arrive ?	1
my dad and me .	it 's my father .	1
my former bat boy all grown up .	as my former little batsman grew up .	1
almost they all are dead .	he barely looked at me .	0
yeah , sometimes i do n't even have to shower .	why do i have to pay for her sin ?	0
but now that you 're not , having a perfect record would mean a lot to me .	i sent a locator signal that allowed the command cruiser to catch up and destroy the scarran battleship .	0
that 's what i 'm trying to tell you .	mike ! ... that 's what i 'm trying to tell you !	1
dead . shotgun hole in the chest .	he had a shotgun hole in his belly .	1
no one made him do it .	why do you have to treat her so ugly ?	0
this is a full magazine .	this is a full mag .	1
i can ’ t believe i ’ m inthe glamorous world of show business .	help ? how ?	0
mym knew he had to get ligeia away before satan emerged .	i do n't understand what happened to him .	0
i want him fit , sir .	i wanted to do it , but there was security .	0
i 'll get started on the agreement .	we want to help .	0
yeah , why do n't you tell me about your homicidal geriatric ?	burton selected the orders and handed them over to the converter .	0
you bust in here , try to rip me off , hold me hostage , threaten to kill me ...	you 're the boss , you try to rip me off , you 're holding me hostage , you 're trying to kill me .	1
any cop will tell you ... in a situation like this , you get a chance and you go for it .	every cop tells you that in a situation like this , if you get a chance , you have to take advantage of it .	1
better to have you on the outside , in case something goes wrong .	you better be out there in case something goes wrong .	1
why are you here , then ?	tell me something . would you like him to see him again ?	0
does it look good on me ?	where do you live ?	0
you did because you felt so bad for offending him .	peter was the least of all .	0
they'il send him right over there .	the commission will present its proposals on the relevant `` participation and dissemination '' rules .	0
art comps . activity from the auction house .	the damage is great .	0
you can hold my handif you want .	i lay on the sofa , not knowing how i got there , and jacob was still cursing .	0
platinum card .	it was n't exactly the smartest thing to do , but ... my real estate agent was my penis .	0
`` have you relieved the officer of the watch ? ''	`` have you relieved your commanding officer ? ''	1
1 . ( 6 ) oj l 63 , 13.3.1996 , p .	well , what 's his is yours , so give them the island , and verence can later sign some paper for them .	0
goody . there 's a tudor on stone canyon that 's going on the market soon .	in stone canyon , tudor will be on the market every minute .	1
foil 1.33ml	foil 1.33 ml	1
for what , $ 6 or $ 7 a minute ?	`` make it worth it . ''	0
i was n't going to give it to you ... ... but i made it for charleywhen you were gon na give him away .	the girl tips all the winners in two weeks .	0
i was telling the truth . i know what you told me , brad .	i know what you said , brad .	1
regarding bulgaria , considerable problems in the tendering process prevented the launching of stage 2 ( gap plugging ) until mid 2005 .	besides , to be honest ...	0
ah , so you 're somewhere with rooms , are you ?	so you 're somewhere they have rooms .	1
it 's okay , katniss .	i 'm sorry .	0
it was vital to the interests of the cerberus empire that the strategy planning session be held in the strictest secrecy .	there were only two detectives in the room , both in tweed sports jackets , their backs to their desks .	0
he nodded back in the direction of the shop itself .	he nodded his head back toward the store .	1
increase the pressure ?	and get your pussy !	0
wonderful that special kung fu of yours .	and who says he 's your character ?	0
if security comes back , let mom take the lead .	i 've been married three times , twice with the same woman .	0
we came out here as husband and wife for a nice vacation .	we came here as husbands for a vacation .	1
it 'd be a terrible thing when love consumes you and takes over .	it 's a terrible thing when love will destroy you and turn over your head .	1
according to the case-law of the court , the issue of a reasoned opinion is part of the pre-litigation procedure .	the court also held that the reasoned opinion was part of the pre-litigation procedure .	1
it is thus justified to apportion to the general public a causal contribution for oil accidents and some of the risk .	this is justified by an action in which the share of oil accidents and risk is added to the public .	1
it 's just not somethingthat i want everybody to know .	it 's like you pull your watch out on a string and you let it click like a chicken ?	0
i 'd hate to think my partner had a yellow streak up his back .	i 'd hate to think my partner was a coward .	1
but what do they mean ?	what does it mean ?	1
motivated .	motivation .	1
there was hope in this .	put what on ?	0
and i 'm not starting surgery until you prove you can hold up your end of the deal .	and she 's with him right now .	0
i 'm gon na have to have a little chat with hammond about that .	you know what i was thinking ?	0
accordingly , the detailed study of transactions between the key sector and general government is important .	and an agent died .	0
i walked to the phone and picked up the receiver .	you should go home , we 'll take care of it .	0
it was up on murka 's shoulders again .	they know if they take down a paramedic , another dozen will die .	0
and i asked for some ketchup .	and i wanted ketchup .	1
no , it 's okay . you do n't have to love me back .	okay , we should go through this book , right ?	0
you were the brightest person in this place .	save and terminate registry assemblies - save changes to the current batch and close the registry window .	0
how is it ?	i know i 've done wrong .	0
and this is the orientation film for station six of the dharma initiative .	and this is a landmark film to the sixth station of the daid initiative .	1
is she running treadstone ?	does he lead treadstone ?	1
i 'm the one the girls adore !	i 'm the one who adores the girls .	1
elrond : that future is almost gone .	mark moved noticeably .	0
yeah , i 've got it asshole !	`` she used to rely on you more than on your report in grayson politics , and you know it . ''	0
i thought i 'd show off and cook dinner for us .	i thought i was going to pull out and make dinner for us .	1
she 's flying with your father through the seven skies .	that 's it .	0
the man you were speaking with .	`` the dawn of the midnight sun will not stop the police nor any of the professors . ''	0
i note that during your little rant ... defending your sanity , you admit you 're after him .	bye-bye .	0
our dear village is threatened !	it 's all right .	0
she was nibbling a pretzel .	she ate the pretzel .	1
she fell backward and lost the torch .	kit fell on her back and lost the torch .	1
why am i not playing ? i told you if you wanted to play you were gon na have to get serious .	well ... we were -- - we were --	0
is this jill ?	am i talking to jill ?	1
listen , i 'm sorry to be such a stalker and show up at your house like this , but i tried to talk to you at school ...	`` how long do you plan to continue your work for doslxa , mr . timberlane ? '' he asked .	0
as no one would buy such a large house ... ... the new earl decided to demolish it and sell the stone for 5000 pounds .	if no one wanted to buy such a big house , the new count had decided on demolition and about selling the stones for £5,000 .	1
i thought eat .	the moment of ecstasy , the moment of forgiveness , the time is so inexorable , so what does it make sense ?	0
what a shocker .	she wanted to make sure she knew it was chernobyl .	0
and messing up my suv .	oh , oh , we finally figured out what you 're good at , hatcher .	0
but now i do n't .	and coincidentally , you and mrs. crater are asking for salt pills .	0
and he did n't say anything ? - who 's he ? - her husband .	and her husband did n't mind ?	1
i 'm worried about your soul .	i take care of your soul .	1
all of these abuses are raised repeatedly at eu-china summits , to little or no avail .	all of these abuses have been repeatedly pointed out at eu-china summits , but only with little or no success .	1
'wizards used to fight for skala , '' tharin mused , still focused on the gaming stones in front of them .	`` the wizards fought for the rock , '' tharin mused , still focused on the playing stones in front of him .	1
can you do it for me ? - no .	something feminine , something lace with ruffles , nice .	0
they 'll be represented by two figures clad in white .	this will be represented by a figure dressed in white .	1
these findings suggest that a qualitative improvement in the programming of operating expenditure is needed in order to avoid mobilising resources unnecessarily .	these indicators show that there needs to be a qualitative improvement in the programming of operational expenses in order to avoid unnecessary binding .	1
is that the man who can see ?	i ca n't listen to him anymore .	0
sister marie here is going to give you something to calm you down , and a little more pain relief if you need it . ”	at the time , on the gmk , the still-teaching sylva roháčková offered her two volleyball if they wanted to try something a little different .	0
windows media player can not create the playlist because the name already exists .	just when he turned to me , i returned the expression he had used in the torres channel .	0
this sort of thing ca n't last .	this ca n't last .	1
`` i also remember that you were as puzzled as i have ever seen you .	he seems quite nice .	0
`` when we finally approached , the herdsmen just ran away at first .	and as we finally approached , the shepherds had simply fled the first time .	1
only a good witch may pass through my door .	you see this guy next to the monster in the green shirt ?	0
directive 1999/44 6 .	directive 1999 / 44 6 .	1
i have no control over my partners .	on all the evil deeds he committed .	0
from this moment on ... from this moment on ...	to be relieved ( especially to relieve pain ) , it may not occur before after several weeks of treatment and sometimes after a long period of time .	0
hi . how ya doin ' ?	how are you doing ?	1
smithback said in a strangled voice .	`` how ? '' asked smithback in a strangled voice .	1
we 're all going to have to leave somehow .	you 're a very , very , very stupid boy .	0
now for further political and economic news ...	now there 's more news from politics and economics .	1
he 's not gon na try to fuck us on the price ?	right away , i say !	0
`` do n't you be concerned .	munsey barely knew him .	0
translated -- it is a pan-fried rice noodle with egg roll .	`` conquest of bauxite '' in its mine down on new guinea .	0
well , he has worked his way into all our hearts and if you slice him , you will find wales to the core .	the unfortunate man lost his daughter . now he proclaims it 's you ...	0
you 're not gon na go get beat up by paul shaffer now , are you ? i ca n't believe it .	you want to ?	0
we understand he has a lead .	good thing you pulled the `` find my friend '' app .	0
he drew his weapon and stared at the charge reading .	he took out his gun and looked at the charging indicator .	1
would you like to be introduced to his excellency right now , or at mess ?	the condition is + 15 .	0
... and i did make fake ids with vico .	you ca n't have a gin fizz .	0
messed up things people do ... that , detective , i understand .	in the sacred city , we do not wash blood .	0
i would n't make it out there anyway . not with my proclivities .	i would n't do it out there . not with my streak .	1
the applications for operating grants , referred to in article 4 ( c ) , shall be assessed in the light of :	applications for grants for the operating expenditure referred to in article 4 ( a ) :	1
a wife must look after her husband . ”	rita and grieve ?	0
you ’ d better hide	the enemy is running .	0
in the meantime , make the most of your victories . welcome and learn from them .	in the meantime , take your many victories and learn from them .	1
restif , i 'm really tired .	restife , i 'm really tired , i think it 's time i came back .	1
check it out .	look .	1
`` i may have invited you too soon , '' she muttered , and pressed the acceptance key .	number of online purchases	0
community operations shall be such as to complement or contribute to corresponding national operations .	amy palmer 's got an o .	0
you 'll forget about charlie murdock and the tech specs on these plans .	why do you ask , sebastian ?	0
if life has seasons , my first forty years were spring .	auggie , i 've been compromised .	0
now they 'll know who we are what 's wrong , asshole ?	therefore , the commission 's procedure does not allow the european parliament to adopt an appropriate position .	0
could n't be .	the second chance is yours .	0
well , i 'll check his bank account for any large deposits of euros .	i 'll check his account for a large deposit .	1
it 's taken five years to get to the point where it can produce that first full crop .	it took five years before we reached the point where it was possible to carry out the first harvest .	1
i just do n't see the point , stuart .	stay with me , okay ?	0
it says there was a bucket stolen in the village on tuesday .	you gon na be okay ?	0
she is the one .	it 's her .	1
if i do he'il hurt my mom .	i ca n't , if i leave , he 'll hurt my mother .	1
`` warrior ? '' the bawdy dwarf bellowed .	'a warrior ? 'shouted the filthy dwarf .	1
if you do , bring that darling little daughter with you .	if so , take your little girl .	1
mr. president , do you have a comment on the allegations made on the internet today ?	mr. president , do you want to comment on the allegations published online ?	1
i swear by christ , you 're more of a man than most men i 've met .	i swear , you 're more manly than most men i know .	1
i 'm hâyat	no , i like it here .	0
do it , tanya !	you 're the chief mechanic .	0
right . she 's out here , chasing talyn .	can i take your clothes ?	0
lythande knew him of old , from the temple of the star .	did your brother let you drive ?	0
open the boot .	you would n't fit in .	0
how many times had he driven through this part of town , never stopping , never noticing ?	how many times he rode through this part of the city and never stopped , did he notice anything ?	1
tesla heard .	`` they were lucky to escape , '' greer agreed .	0
keep him in here indefinitely ?	i ...	0
y'know , i ... i might never see them again .	you know , i may never see them again .	1
so is a walking plant , but a triffid walks .	so does a walking plant , and the triffids walk .	1
prepare yourself for battle !	stand by for battle !	1
like you know what one is .	it 's like you knew what it was .	1
they 've given me plenty of grief .	they bring me much misery .	1
but a lawyer like that , you got ta pay to play .	but you have to pay for this lawyer .	1
yes . yes , yes , yes , yes .	yes , i agree .	1
louis 's face lit with forced hope .	louis ' face glowed with mock hope .	1
now check out droopy dog on the other side .	you 're not interrupting .	0
i did n't know yout son could fly .	i did n't know your son was flying .	1
he'il sleep for a while .	he 'll be asleep for a while .	1
elena ... ... when you and matt kissed for the first time ... ... you called me the second it happened .	the machine worked .	0
take a cab .	i have to tell yang , i decide , not ben .	0
ghita ; hi . thanks for coming .	thanks for coming .	1
connecting to camera	or rather like jin-qua , chen sheng 's uncle .	0
oh , well , he 's wearing a hat .	this is glinn telak from vettori .	0
“ maybe i should make the first move , ” i whispered , wrapping my fingers around his wrist .	`` i guess i 'll have to take the first step , '' i whispered , wrapping his fingers around his wrist .	1
lisited a sheep ranch recently .	i recently visited a sheep ranch ... in daegwallyeong ?	1
there was nothing wrong with it until i was about twelve years old and that no-talent ass clown became famous and started winning grammys .	it was n't until i was 12 years old before the clown without talent became famous .	1
i really wanted to take him down .	i really wanted to destroy him .	1
she 's just gon na wind up getting a huge hospital bill with a fucking ambulance .	buy a vibrator .	0
well , where are the bears ?	look , henry , the cookie i was about to say was ...	0
because i worked at a dentist 's office .	gariapha and wiocco waited in the doorway and looked worried .	0
oh , jeez . i-i think i left it at lil 's . sorry .	the cells are alive , dr. mercer , and they 're eating each other .	0
i 'll explain some other time .	i 'll explain later .	1
so , um ... candace will have other chances to win houses in contests , right ?	`` oh my god , leave me alone , '' he answered wearily .	0
are n't you worried it 'll run away with itself and sew your fingers to the table ?	stop .	0
i wish i could muster a legion of dwarves , fully armed and filthy .	i was thrown out by a woman with a suitcase .	0
i had to give up the one thing i did well .	i had to give up the only thing i could do .	1
that was pretty .	but not everything , right ?	0
it was the traveler who released me .	he was the traveller who let me down .	1
if there is nothing more , you are all dismissed .	get the money over here !	0
to hanker ... ... means to have a strong desire for something or someone .	it 's not gon na be a problem to fly .	0
neilson , symbol cryptography .	why do n't you let him get out once ?	0
he 's never fainted before .	he 's never passed out before .	1
i 'm halfway through her e-mails , calendar and phone logs from her time with secretary marsh .	i climbed some of her e-mails , calendar and notes on the phone from the time secretary marsh was still here .	1
look , i-i just ...	i just ...	1
the problem is not that things are n't more efficient .	the real problem with progress ... ... is not that things would n't be more efficient .	1
she looked up from cleaning the grill of cold fat .	instead of deafening carmela , they should have silenced her !	0
bingham : he 's got a bomb !	he 's wearing a bomb !	1
if they ai n't squealed about mcclure yet , they 'll do it now .	if they still have n't sung about the mcclue , they'il do it now .	1
p.p.s . if i do n't come back ... ... you can have my car .	i know how to change his bike on his tricycle , how to tip a waiter to sit us in the skee ball .	0
so ... .. let us review the new situation .	well ... let 's review our new situation .	1
this place ... do n't touch me . - i do n't like to see my sister ...	i do n't want to look at my sister as ...	1
carrot and angua waited patiently as a few more students climbed over , followed by the dean .	carrot and angua waited patiently until another group of students crawled over the wall , followed by the dean .	1
that is immaterial .	that 's irrelevant .	1
phlox said the xindi used his dying breath ... to give us these coordinates .	phlox said the xind gave him these coordinates just before he died .	1
ok , then .	do n't tell him .	0
adds selection to the timeline or storyboard .	if i 'm gone , do n't look for me .	0
if we 're lucky , probably passed out at the dive bar where cruella and i left him .	she lowered her head in a perfect example of marital subservience , but there was a different expression in her eyes when buntokapi was bowing .	0
but she could n't do that .	can you please tell me where the pub is ?	0
i 've heard the stories .	i heard it .	1
henry slung it over his shoulder and turned back toward the unpleasant red jump growing outside the bathroom door .	henry slung it over his shoulder and turned back to the unwavering kick in front of the bathroom door .	1
dna came back unknown female .	we 're taking you to paris for the weekend to forget everything , especially mark darcy .	0
maybe she should have thought of that before she asked me for directions .	maybe she should have changed her mind before she asked me out .	1
|| gran telescopio de canarias 2002es161pr002	i 'm not always on her side .	0
'music should be free , ' said imp .	but today ...	0
close your eyes until we 've been through the sterilization cycle . '	close your eyes when we go through the sterilization cycle. ``	1
`` does mr. bradley take as 'poor a view , ' as you put it , of mr. bradley as he does of everything else ? ''	`` does mr. bradley think he is as bad as everyone else about mr . bradley ? ''	1
the whole art of enfleurage is to allow the flowers to die slowly .	the flowers must die slowly .	1
clearly , back in 2009 , the ecb did not make the controversial call that greece was insolvent , not illiquid .	if i 'd known , i 'd have cooked you a hell of a beautiful cake .	0
and then on ... - on the way to the hospital , she said ... -	and then on the way to the hospital , she said	1
pledges of zeta beta zeta .	recruits zeta beta zeta .	1
what the fuck are we going to do ? there 's nothing we can do .	what the fuck do we do ?	1
she was , of course , devastated , and terribly disappointed as well as tearfully guilty : `` you poor man .	she was understandably devastated , terribly disappointed , as well as placid : `` my poor poor thing .	1
the man 's clearly deranged .	let 's dig up some dirt on him .	0
that soldier fellow .	the soldier 's friend .	1
rapp had noted this and knew that in these tight quarters it would be difficult to get enough force behind a blow to have much effect .	rapp noticed it , and realized that in such a tight space , it would n't be easy to put enough force into the blow to be effective .	1
thus , at the end of january 2003 ifb found itself with unpaid sncb invoices with a total value of eur 63 million .	thus , at the end of january 2003 , ifb had outstanding invoices of sncb totalling 63 miles .	1
you want to play ?	you want some ?	1
i do n't like what this whole partnership thing is turning you into .	the new member states may implement leader + actions under their rural development programmes .	0
asks only 10 crowns an hour !	the marked bills were selected .	0
there 's no shot .	no one shot .	1
'i must go now or i shall never go .	`` i have to go now , or i 'll never go .	1
edna ...	you fought me and you killed me .	0
that 's a fine way to murder a fellow .	and you 'll do it by using what 's in those eggs .	0
maybe one day she 'd know what it was .	maybe one day he 'll find out what it is .	1
well , it 's your sweaty mediterranean features ... they photograph well , my friend .	great , thanks .	0
good night , dr . krause . ''	good night , dr. krause. ``	1
thank you , uncle !	thank you .	1
`` sluissi art clearly indicates a biannual cyclic pattern , and i want to hit them at their most sluggish point .	so i can say it 's my pleasure to work with my real professional again .	0
what do you want .	what do you want ?	1
if i saw an opportunity to walk away with a shopping bag full of money , would i take it ?	the word was faint and thin , too thin , and she shook her head furiously .	0
there is an opportunity to push out the boundaries in this respect .	there is an opportunity to move the border in this respect .	1
the order finally came through today .	the order has finally arrived .	1
thereseems to be some confusion on the field .	there seems to be some confusion on the field .	1
i traced the connection back to the system that deleted the fingerprint match .	i traced the signal back to the system that erased the fingerprint data .	1
so , fran !	they 're home and they 're looking .	0
i want it today ! ok ! let go !	let me go !	1
get me a soda .	do i look like i care ?	0
her lips , which had tightened , relaxed in shock and blood spilled over the lower one .	the lips , before clenched , were released , and blood dripped across the lower lip .	1
i have to stay here , paola .	i have to stay here , paolo .	1
dude , can you not use proper english ?	compared to these records , the normal discussion of modern electronics written in verse in an old sanskrit seemed perfectly understandable .	0
`` how do you know , '' i asked , `` that it 's the preacher 's daughter 's basket ? ''	they need their hero .	0
the wood was old , but still serviceable .	on our way ?	0
yeah , two , to be exact .	exactly two .	1
that 's okay . when he 's older , i 'll let him make it up to me .	i 'm well aware of that .	0
ramã³n de campoamor .	ramón de campoamor .	1
`` how about twins ? '' ba-ba-boom , ba-ba-boom .	what 's going on ?	0
how long is this punishment going to go on ?	what drawings ?	0
“ i think if someone proposes one more operation on me , i ’ ll go nuts .	`` i feel like i 'm going crazy , if anyone else is going to propose a single operation .	1
the company imagined that even the clay and gravel fields of san lorenzo could be tilled profitably , with the price of sugar so high .	- special measures are :	0
'cause we need to know how much time we have+	goes to another bookmark or shortcut in the file .	0
the law and me have been at each other pretty hard for a long time now .	i 'll call hank .	0
got caught up in the props of a fishing boat on its way back in .	one englishman has gone crazy in our puppets .	0
so , what about skyscrapers for dead people that were built down ?	article 3 , point ( 26 )	0
button and select insert ( specify style for object ) to prior	and select insert ( specify all dimensions )	1
is getting dangerous , the other children ca n't learn .	it also offers plentiful and retail firms a program of backers and services in the liquidation of other types of waste .	0
if you like tragedy , you 're in the right place	any increase in the amount due to the value specified in the beginning must be considered a new aid .	0
add code snippet	you do n't think he 'd better go out	0
mexico could be the world 's dominant super power .	we 're on the new bands .	0
all systems are non-functional .	all systems are malfunctioning .	1
strike ! so struck out swinging .	strike !	1
you turn around , or you let us out right now .	turn around or let us out .	1
and if you need anything else , just let me know .	i 'm leaving tomorrow . i have to go back to the states .	0
she 's driving me wild !	he 's driving me insane !	1
lvef reduction/left ventricular dysfunction	to create a world designed and controlled directly .	0
mmm ... i think about him a lot .	for a very long time , europa seemed to be merely a complete frosty ball .	0
launch number-one missile . - time to launch : 15 seconds .	someday i 'll be a great warrior like you .	0
after we slay the apollo , i kick over some cash to the white devil , whatever i think he deserve .	we got a train to catch .	0
a most charming and kindly letter . do n't you think so , mother ?	an absolutely charming and good-natured letter , do n't you think , mama ?	1
cynicism , that cloak that advertises our indifference and hides all human feeling .	people can get this ? ``	0
i did n't know where it ended and leonard began .	we found the porsche , or rather , hammond found it .	0
we 're talking about our ability to go forward in time ... ... to go into the future .	we are talking about our ability to travel to the future .	1
and here , here are some christmas cookies .	the man you spoke to .	0
now , why am i not surprised , you piece of shit !	reduction of left ventricular ejection fraction ( lvef ) / left ventricular dysfunction	0
i just feel so stupid .	i feel like an idiot .	1
then what the hell does , `` i ca n't marry a woman `` who wo n't let me make decisions '' mean ? i was upset .	so what the hell does it mean , `` i do n't know a woman who wo n't let me decide . ''	1
because i have a whole network ... - get out of my car .	come on .	0
you know , you are not the country bumpkin that people say you are .	you know , you 're not a village troupe , as people say about you .	1
little bunny dress :	uh-huh .	0
it 's there on the roof !	it 's on the ceiling !	1
here . remember now ?	you 're right build , you 've got the right hair , even the overall look .	0
it seems like i met haku before , but it was a long time ago .	( b ) for green peppers , graded according to weight :	0
man ... ... probably the most mysterious species on our planet .	esso 's station turned into a roaring mass of flames that were already engulfed by a nearby photo of iaboatture and a savings bank .	0
no , not possible .	no .	1
sonny mehta sat next door , watching videos and acting as on-the-spot editor .	subdivision 26 to 28 , 29 south of 59 ° 30 ′ n	0
yet she thought wistfully that they lacked something for her .	how can you live like this ?	0
the deepest of his love belonged to his mother .	and he made fake ids with vic .	0
“ this is the least of what the empire can offer .	the cloud has affected him as much as ours .	0
this counter-piracy operation has also proved successful in deterring and repressing acts of piracy	no autorelease % 0	0
you 're actin ' like an asshole .	you 're being a jerk .	1
malaise , peripheral oedema	nausea , oedema peripheral	1
now , i need to ask you something if you find her changed , can you see that her death is without suffering	now i want to know , if you can find her already transformed , can you make her death be without suffering ?	1
let a professional do that .	who 's the famous lawyer i knew nothing about 10 minutes ago ?	0
would you mind giving me a ride out to higgins and hancock ? ''	would you mind taking me to higgins and hancock ? ``	1
now , before i go on , i must ask you .	we 're going to shower together and conserve water .	0
exactly what i was thinking .	he has a brain like a computer .	0
as they 've proven time and again , the fbi can not be trusted with matters of national security .	as many times have turned out , the fbi ca n't be trusted with the issue of national security .	1
now , this afternoon , we have monsieur 's favourite : the jugged hare .	this evening we have your favourite marbled rabbit , monsieur .	1
this last grouping of data entries ...	you once dressed him for 600 days ... ... but they did n't give up .	0
`` is that tied to the moon like normal lycanthropy ? ''	polimeri states that it contested the probative value of those reports in annex a to 25 of the action .	0
whoever brings the sleaziest and most degrading ... material to me , i 'm gon na pay you ... $ 10,000 .	i 'll pay ... $ 10,000 .	1
okay . okay . uh , which ones ?	`` that 's gene terr .	0
barely a bone not broken or organ ruptured .	do n't you dare touch me .	0
uh , you proved the old-fashioned way still works .	`` no , sir , they were dewar .	0
hey , this is a cool , little cd player .	and i 'm gone .	0
bastards ! - take cover !	take cover !	1
babe , i 've driven , like , eight hours .	honey , i 've been driving for about eight hours .	1
we 've came a long way , you must be thirsty .	you must be thirsty .	1
it says `` emergency page '' .	it says `` emergency . ''	1
holy fuck !	shit !	1
wise days of solomon .	wise time of solomon !	1
you sent echo out on a high-risk engagement ?	own resources of the applicant :	0
and lay off the coffee .	but i told you these things want ... ... time .	0
it 's only the coolest game ever , man .	we were still banging our heads against the wall when the noise died. ``	0
once he signs , it'il be over .	you made me a witch !	0
does that mean we can go tonight ?	i 'm gon na hang up ... ... and i 'm gon na show these people what you want to keep them from .	0
they 're there . what cigarettes are doing right now ?	next time , he 'll complain about mosquitoes .	0
oh , it 's hot tonight . i ca n't stand it .	oh , it 's hot today , i ca n't bear it .	1
yamaoka , i want to talk with you	yamaoka , i need to talk to you .	1
'i know it 's late . '	menion nodded thoughtfully , then dropped back on his back .	0
i anticipate finding the source of the nile .	i suppose i 'll find the source of the nile .	1
i 'm glad you 're fine	i 'm glad you 're here .	1
he lives with his grandpops ?	`` next , '' keogh said .	0
betty schaefer engaged to artie green , as nice a guy as ever lived , and she was in love with me - me .	betty schaefer was engaged to artie , the best boy in the world , and yet he fell in love with me .	1
i used protection and everything .	and that 's what i used to protect and everything else .	1
harrison handled the landing , bringing the sikorsky to a rest fifty feet from the car .	harrison guided the machine to the landing and landed fifty feet from the car .	1
( crying ) i do n't know what happened .	it 's louis .	0
both aahz and tanda laughed as if that was the funniest thing i had ever said .	i used my credit card , so i paid .	0
but it was not to be .	i only had my eyes closed .	0
well , whatever it is , he should clean up this city here ... ... because this city here 's like an open sewer .	whatever it is , someone should clean this town up ... ... because it 's like a sewer , full of dirt and shit .	1
i have seemingly handed him a kingdom .	it seems to me that i gave him the kingdom .	1
i 'm bob . i 'm lighting the show .	i 'm doing the lighting .	1
forget about the cows motherfucker !	fuck the cows , motherfucker !	1
they 're looking for houses in baton rouge .	we already called your mom , but i 'll tell them to call again , okay ?	0
i mean , i 've never even considered that .	there 's a lot of them , baby .	0
it 's a shame about elvis .	those who committed this atrocious act ...	0
detected ( eg . proteinuria , signs of fanconi ’ s syndrome ) .	if serum creatinine is increased and another abnormality has been found ( e.g . proteinuria , signs of fanconi 's syndrome )	1
this is why i ca n't stand foreigners . yes it is true ...	holds : firm border	0
i 'm going to get it all back .	ready as i promised .	0
i want you to make me a promise .	jake , listen , i want you to promise me .	1
she wanted a drink , but was now afraid to take anything flowing from the taps in this vile place .	if you 're going to be late , i suggest you get an apology .	0
murtaugh : where you going ?	you have honored your duties .	0
`` not always , '' said hooper .	it 's like looking at an old woman .	0
court order ? that 's hardly sneaky .	court order ?	1
are you still in possession of your army revolver ?	he can hold my hand if you want .	0
do n't worry , just lie back .	bring them to us tomorrow .	0
where you work out , cinnabon ?	there 's a shortcut to tokugawa 's palace	0
'if the job mr lefferts offered me does n't pan out , i 'll look for work waitressing , ' rosie said quietly .	but first i want to know some things !	0
he smiled , and frieth gazed up at him , smiling in her own right , though almost certainly her thoughts diverged widely from his .	he smiled , and frieth looked up at him , and she smiled , though their thoughts were decidedly different .	1
formal governance is provided by the 28-person pugwash council , which serves for five years .	stay out of this heat , and maybe you 'll live this long .	0
this is a classy chick .	this one 's really classy .	1
you alone kept me from concluding that germany had gone insane .	you were the only one who saved me from the conclusion that germany had completely lost its mind .	1
we were wondering if we could ask you a few questions ?	`` mr. rob anybody ? '' said one of the figures in a grave and official voice .	0
elinor said rather sharply , `` it was n't exactly sudden .	elinor said , `` it was n't all that sudden .	1
he 'll screw it up .	he 's gon na fuck up .	1
okay , agreed , but we do n't know where they are , and that girl does n't have much time left .	i would also take this opportunity to thank your sister-in-law benedict .	0
mrs wallentin-hermann and her family arrived at brindisi at 2.15 p.m .	friederike wallentin-hermann and her family arrived at brindisi at 14 : 15 a.m .	1
just you trying to say here , it 's a bit gloomy , osamìlý life .	i 'm just trying to tell you this is a bit of a grim , lonely life .	1
`` what do we do ? ''	`` what then ? ''	1
i did n't know she was his at the time ,	i did n't know he was his .	1
# who writes your plot ?	also something called `` bunny pies . ''	0
i 'm gon na be at the manger with hope and maw maw .	i 'll be in crickets with hope and babies .	1
captain ! we got ta pullback now !	captain , we have yet to withdraw !	1
you have three farting strikes .	what , investing in a place like this ?	0
name : ‘ caballa de andalucía ’ 4.2 .	name : `` caballa de andalucía '' 4.2 .	1
( b ) explanatory notes , which shall supplement and comment on the information given in the reports .	( b ) the annexes , which supplement and explain the information contained in the reports .	1
`` dress a window mannequin at old navy in your own clothes .	saunière called langdon 's name on the chisel and ordered sophie to keep him out .	0
she looked at him heavily as she put back her hair .	small , but anglican independent .	0
you understand , figlio mío ? il malocchio .	you see , figlio mio ? ll malocchio .	1
it considered , however , that the marks at issue were conceptually similar since they both called to mind the idea of a cow .	however , it considered that the contested marks show conceptual similarity , as both evils the idea of the cow .	1
what happened , did someone die ?	one thousand archers with the most precise hands .	0
it 's not just one or two things	general , the system is overheating .	0
was taking eight for an hour together , girl !	you 're the girl who pushed me here three years ago .	0
tell me something .lo could identify if you see it again ?	he had it encrypted .	0
hey , guard ! hey ! hey .	hey , security !	1
i mean , i got proof ,	i can show you , i have proof .	1
i told you that was just between us .	until it 's fresh .	0
here you can only gain respect by killing other men .	you can only get respect for the killing of others .	1
‘ i should have sent you to handle this .	`` i should have sent you to take it out .	1
ball ! jolly good shot , sir .	great shot , sir .	1
the mike goes into the light .	mike walks into the light .	1
this is so great .	it 's great .	1
yeah , but how are we gon na get inside without tripping the alarm ?	but let 's go somewhere private .	0
faster .	he wo n't even talk .	0
what i was originally thinking about i 'm thinking about not doing now because i may have to wait to get rid of andrea .	at the moment , i 'm willing to give every theory a chance .	0
have you thought of maybe just saying sorry to april and then start from there ?	okay , did you think you could apologize to april and start there ?	1
no more dead cops !	there 's a lot of dead cops !	1
the mother is my chicken ?	why would n't he ?	0
in total 512 wrestlers participate in the competitions .	we 'll get it all back .	0
there 's only one kind of wisdom ... ... and that 's hindsight .	there 's only one kind of wisdom , and that 's the view of the past .	1
make a difference , do n't it ?	there 's a difference , right ?	1
that 's a really pretty sweater that you have on .	that 's a very nice sweater you 're wearing .	1
it 'll be awesome .	it 's gon na be great .	1
i got a phone call this morning from the director .	i had a call with the principal this morning .	1
save for a quick glance , he did it without looking at the door—instead he scanned the yard , his gaze sweeping back and forth , seeking .	yes , we met in the church and we 're in love with our ears , but we 're waiting for the wedding .	0
my friend here is going to give us a hand .	well , that 's what i deserved .	0
there were at least eight more stories below this one .	there were eight floors below me .	1
this is negative 72 plus 60 .	quincey 's just every inch the man is !	0
look , mark says he can get me the money now .	look , mark said he can judge the money now .	1
change spacing ...	i took the cross , looked silver on the black blouse , quite well .	0
what about the gap ?	no problem .	0
`` i can not permit you to leave as yet . ''	`` i ca n't let you go . ''	1
what do you need ?	you should be checked .	0
please , woman ... ..not in vain .	the plastic column fitted with the final scree seals and the symbol to which the necessary amount of the stationary phase can be added .	0
general relevant generic standard ( s ) note 2.1 date expired cenelec en 50121-2:2006 railway applications - electromagnetic compatibility -- part 2 :	note 2.1 date expired cenelec en 50121-2 : 2006 drawing equipment - electromagnetic compatibility - part 2 :	1
you know , passwords are ridiculous anyway .	passwords are equally ridiculous .	1
i do n't like you , so who knows what i 'd do to you !	i do n't like you , so you do n't want to know what i 'm gon na do to you .	1
tucker took the occasion to grin , breaking the tension somewhat and , he hoped , making it easier for tony to answer the question .	tucker took the opportunity and grinned , relaxed his tension a little , and , as he hoped , allowed tony to answer the question .	1
doc , listen to me -- i want a name .	i think you should think about it , 'cause there 's nothing ...	0
how did you get them to come ?	how did you manage to get them here ?	1
and he had an average of about 120 , ... ... 130 foals every year .	he averaged about 120 , 130 wickets a year .	1
it 's not much , but it 's all i need .	sure . follow me .	0
you would remember hittin ' mama .	you 'd remember the storm mom .	1
no , no , it 's a real gun .	no , she 's real .	1
so the point is it is futile to regret .	the tasks of observers at sea shall be determined by the member states .	0
l.a.p.d . officers spend every shift trying to help people who often do n't even know they need help .	well , you found your way to our hearts , and if you cut him up , you 'd find nothing more than wales .	0
understood , my lord .	i promise , my lord .	1
just a figure of speech , old boy .	no !	0
we 'll be cruising across the ocean by then .	but we 'll be sailing in the middle of the ocean .	1
not sure i told you ... my parents are coming to town .	maybe i 've told you . my parents are coming to see me .	1
but this kid has something that you and i and hector do n't have .	om turned his only eye to the corner .	0
kms v1 ca certificate list	and he was n't ready for that yet .	0
hard to believe she can say that with a straight face , is n't it ?	come on !	0
mom , i want a baby .	i want a baby .	1
leave this house , before you get sick in the head .	leave this house before you go crazy .	1
( charles ) henry !	henry !	1
for an instant , no one spoke .	i 've been following the spy for months before i 've caught him in a tight spot .	0
it 's what 's killed their man , and it 's going to be what kills us .	this killed the man and he 's gon na kill us too .	1
and i 'll laugh while they do it	and i 'll laugh about it .	1
if god wants to motivate us , what is with all the pictionary ?	if god wants to motivate us , why make this guess ?	1
sumerian myths are not 'readable ' or 'enjoyable ' in the same sense that greek and hebrew myths are .	the sumerian myths do n't , read ' , nor can you , entertain ' like greek or hebrew .	1
strategy-wise , i 'm on the very bottom , at least joaquin has bottom , at least joaquin has tyler .	joaquin at least has tyler .	1
estonia , portugal and germany have achieved only low coverage of their fisheries for a variety of reasons relating to cost and availability of observers .	i think you had a very good reason to escape .	0
achmet zek was dragging jane clayton toward his tethered horse .	ahmad zak dragged jane clayton to his horse .	1
i wo n't .	when he started walking again , he heard his name .	0
you know , we play cribbage , and he owes me and ... he 's got a warehouse down by campbell sport full of hcl .	we play cribbage together , and we owe a lot ... down at campbell sport has a warehouse full of hcl .	1
captain 's log , star date 50893.5 .	i believe in demons and worms , abominations in the sewers of the universe .	0
nothing mystic about blood .	there 's nothing mysterious about the blood .	1
i 'll get the wine .	and then he should get out .	0
give me your arm , okay ?	give me your hand .	1
one tab less , and it 's only a year .	i hope you have n't forgotten her .	0
these methods include the straight-line method , the diminishing balance method and the units of production method .	these methods include a linear depreciation method , reducing the basis and method of performance depreciation .	1
when i was 20 , i got a tattoo , but it was just ...	the children and grandchildren of those saved are already counted on for tens of thousands .	0
i think this is very expensive joke	i have an overall long-term perspective .	0
all cts report to common area in 15 minutes .	all ct checks out in 15 minutes .	1
but you were sure as hell sick and tired of living ... in a one-bedroom apartment in new york city .	but it 's damn sure you had a life in ... ... in a one-bedroom apartment in new york city .	1
what about `` platform of positivity '' ?	rasmus , stop .	0
why would i want to do that ?	well , why would i do that ?	1
this bloodbath will have consequences	the bloodshed will have consequences .	1
we still have debts .	there 's still debts at home .	1
go where ?	where are you going ?	1
it was n't an accident , i know better .	it was n't an accident .	1
this database was created in a previous version of microsoft® office outlook® 2003 with business contact manager .	entering the atmosphere in approximately 78 seconds .	0
but he could ask the questions .	but he might have asked .	1
now , i think i 'm going to hedge my bet .	`` oh , is n't that what it looks like ? ''	0
lestat bungled it with his characteristic lack of common sense . ''	how did you like the result ?	0
it is not popular or safe ... say that he loved .	`` it 's not popular , or safe , to say i loved him . ''	1
all positions in the exposure apparatus shall be filled with test specimens or surrogates to ensure that a uniform temperature distribution is maintained .	i was katie and i had corn flasks for breakfast .	0
try to appeal to his better nature .	but i understand ... ... it 's going to be difficult to get a lawyer who wants to risk his life .	0
follow me if you want to live .	watch me if you want to stay alive .	1
mmm-hmm . do you want me to come over there ?	you want me to come ?	1
the hair , i admit , is unfashionable frizzy but she 's as bright as a button and kisses like a nymphomaniac on death row	i admit she has a hairstyle that 's no longer in fashion , but she is very nice and kisses as a nympho in death row .	1
he 's count olaf . that horrible man you warned me about ?	yes , it does , georgina .	0
( laughs ) how come you always end up at the kids ' table ?	smuel ibn tibon	0
that you write a lot of your own lines ?	are you writing a lot of replicas on your own ?	1
it 's not us . - who ?	who ?	1
all the mineral rights were his , for the next ninety-nine years .	they 'd be happy to see you , and you can talk to them about the old days. ``	0
`` no i was n't , '' she said .	`` hitler and jews and all . ''	0
when you 're a guy , you ...	when you 're with a guy .	1
# and hear the lamentations of the women #	'neolddit , 'he accused himself in a whisper .	0
wait , what ?	wait !	1
`` you will take this to my contemplation chamber , then return with refreshments .	'take this to my contemplation chamber and then bring refreshments .	1
okay , but that could be anything , right ?	but it could mean anything , right ?	1
data , it called you father .	data , it was told by your father .	1
subject : france-spain ehv electricity line answer from the commission ( 27 november 2006 )	status on facebook .	0
now , give me the ticket , you jerk-off !	do you want to find out if you can offend me enough to stop myself and show you where you belong ?	0
( 163 ) dz.u . l 347 z 20.12.2013 , s .	( 163 ) oj l 312 , 22.11.2008 .	1
the dog was growling -- again in his head -- close behind him .	he fell out of here !	0
receptacles and any other components or materials necessary for the receptacle to perform its containment function .	the inbox and all other components or materials necessary to enable the container to carry out its contents .	1
i recommend the sixteenth chapter for all new lovers . '	`` i guess it 's new , mr. cruette .	0
half of all missing children are taken by a relative .	half of the missing children are being abducted by their relatives .	1
this time next week ... i shall be a slightly sunburnt offering on an altar in hanover square .	and now ... ... i 'm going all over town , sid !	0
if i 'm next , then get it over with already .	if i 'm next on line , let 's get this over with .	1
and they want to take more .	`` pretty much , '' aunt pol said .	0
earth is a closed ecology , but it changes .	how he escaped communism , i 'll never know. ``	0
that approach is borne out by other considerations relating to the purpose of that regulation .	this approach is supported by other considerations related to the purpose of the regulation .	1
okay , so your husband is an engineer and a secret crime fighter .	so your husband is an engineer and a secret warrior for justice	1
shaking with fury she stood before me , over me , in her golden robes and mask .	they have n't come yet ?	0
can we go see'meatballs '' after school tomorrow ?	we 'll bring them back in an hour .	0
calm the oxen ! do n't rush !	calm the cattle !	1
what 's a ... what 's a nostalgia shop ?	what is a business of nostalgia ?	1
`` did that do it ? ''	okay , so if you know now , go tell your dad he 's good .	0
so this is a , uh , pretty big day for your family .	well , this is a big day for your family , right ?	1
cassie , i did n't do anything .	i did n't do anything to him .	1
emma , come here , sweetie !	emma , come here .	1
and remember , rhinos is an ultra-exclusive gentlemen 's club .	and remember ... brademus is an alter-exclusive club for gentlemen , so only for exclusive members .	1
when would i have time for that ?	when ?	1
surely you recognize the blades of saint eligius .	i 'm sure you recognize the sword of saint eligia .	1
oh , that we will , and i 've already taken steps in that direction .	i did , and i 've taken steps in that respect .	1
general burke is commanding the division of richmond .	general burton commands a division in richmond .	1
a change passed over mr. trabb .	a change has been made with mr trabbe .	1
and he 's also jewish but he 's not the least bit rude	if i bring him in , will you make him talk ?	0
i will bear with you .	i do n't think anyone will mind if i make my rounds .	0
`` man to beast ? '' i repeated .	`` body against body ? '' i repeated .	1
such access rights shall be granted on a royalty-free basis .	i 've never seen you , mactavish .	0
sometimes just looking at a pen ( or a tape recorder ) will make him think :	you 've got four days left .	0
it sat and baked silently in the hot afternoon sunlight .	the place lay quiet and warmed by the sun of an afternoon sun .	1
but that does n't make any difference to this fella because he 's lost his sugar .	but the kid does n't care because he lost his sweetheart .	1
`` you shall see the body at the mortuary , but we have made nothing of it up to now .	and can you tell dr. litchfield about his visions ?	0
proof of life ?	is he an inspiration ?	0
even the most experience cook can burn themself if they 're not careful .	i was hoping here . just tonight ... i 'll see what i 'm doing .	0
just one second , please .	just for a second .	1
other other for technical or industrial uses other than the manufacture of foodstuffs for human consumption ( 71 )	http : / / r.office.microsoft.com / r / rlidspsonwss ? clid = en	0
the powers that held the lock fast on that door were stronger than any magic he possessed .	she 's calling you from the federal litchfield prison .	0
piss off !	if you have something to tell me , call me .	0
she seems to be from a samurai family .	investing is n't an area i 'm interested in ...	0
that 's not gon na do anybody any good .	that would n't do anything good to anyone .	1
and diana 's birth record .	in the deepening darkness , only silent , distant sounds were heard .	0
thanks ... i 'll see you .	i 'll see you .	1
‘ applications for refunds shall be made within six months of the end of the calendar year in which the right to a refund arose . ’	you want to pick up the morning ?	0
what have we learned about shinzon ?	what have you found out about shinzon ?	1
the guy that shot that cop is back there in the trailer park that we just pulled out of , off of that dirt road .	the guy who shot that cop is still at the campsite we just took out on this road .	1
we should probably clean up before mommy gets home , huh ?	we got maybe two hours .	0
and for two solid weeks ... i went at it with shears and a scythe .	and for two weeks ... .. .with a scything and garden shears .	1
i 'm gon na go talk to grayson . will you make sure ellie 's ok ?	okay , i 'm gon na go talk to grayson .	1
if you do n't come out i 'll kill them all	if you do n't come out , i 'll kill her .	1
why could n't you let him do just one show ?	normally you will suffocate if the noose is not long enough .	0
i knew i would be whipped .	yes , we think so .	0
why do n't you leave the poor kid alone .	why do n't you keep the poor guy .	1
how can one survive in an urn ?	how can someone live in a coffin ?	1
i could have went pro .	i could be a pro .	1
i 'm sure we can keep this civil , darren .	i 'm sure we can do it in a civilized way , darren .	1
william earling , my first fta .	william earling , my first case .	1
small town inside the beltway .	he was kind , brave , smart and resourceful .	0
fuck a city where the cabs are n't monochromatic yellow .	to hell with the city where all the taxis are n't yellow .	1
it 's just unfortunate how things are playing out .	it 's just unfortunate how it all went .	1
and you 've had two bites at that apple , and they both turned sour ... it 's got to be painful .	you hit the apple twice , daniel , and both bites were sour .	1
( bc . eva kovářová )	jaime 145 , verš 15 :	0
lorna : semantics , riggs .	semantics , riggs .	1
it was like a foundling asylum , like some kind of a youth house .	do not be bitten .	0
i need some goddamn leverage .	i need leverage .	1
when we reach the audience room , i will knock .	anything to prevent the bloodshed .	0
oh , i better help you .	i 'd better help .	1
three flourishes .	three fanfare .	1
i would also like to take this opportunity to thank your sister benedikte .	standing up to them will require a fundamental change that would incite russian security officials to take the initiative .	0
morton asked , his voice speaking as though from a great distance , cutting through the black brooding of my thoughts .	i have ears pricked like a circoille hate . '	0
this is ... is rose .	now i 'm taking a bath , and then i 'm going to check my master of how you 've proven yourself .	0
he is kind and he 's great with the students here at mckinley .	he 's nice and he 's good to the students .	1
he 's burning our homes .	he set fire to our houses .	1
that said , at this time , our investigation has found no substantive evidence of criminal wrongdoing .	so i declare at the moment that our investigation did not produce any substantial evidence of a criminal offence .	1
l-i smelled the blood .	oh , god , i could smell the blood .	1
indeed i did .	of course i did .	1
course he wants to .	of course he does .	1
`` if you 're watching italy , why did n't you see them send - ''	'if you 're watching italy why did n't you see - '	1
lincoln hawk : no . 9 .	girl 1 : so it was , like , seven of us .	0
this is a tough one .	it 's hard .	1
there are cases that speak to evidence , and then there are cases that speak to our humanity , begging our hearts to decide .	or do you have anything worth showing ? ``	0
suitcase brown .	brown brown .	1
she was in a flutter , obviously , for she stumbled about the room in the darkness as if she 'd never been inside it before .	she was obviously confused and distraught , as she stumbled in the dark , as though she had never before .	1
i got all the liquor in the world .	i have all the drinks .	1
in this case , the term investment income includes this source of income , if it exists .	i do n't want to be in his fucking memory !	0
`` you think you can succeed . ''	i 'm not gon na testify against these guys until i can guarantee my full immunity , and you wo n't give me a new identity .	0
what 's going down ?	go ahead , boy .	0
he knew all you wanted was to trot him out like a circus act .	he knew what you wanted was to expose him to an official occasion like a circus act .	1
`` then they could be listening ? ''	`` can they be bugged , though ? ''	1
she knows the names of the twelve disciples as well , a fact that does not make richard happy .	he also knows the names of 12 apostles , a knowledge that richard is not happy about .	1
just send it over to chloe 's desk .	send it to chloe .	1
the presence of the lake reduces the variation in day and night-time temperatures .	she looked like someone asking a lot of questions .	0
the one you think is so great is having a thing with one of his students .	did you hit me ?	0
talk to your people and i 'll deal with corporate .	talk to your people . i 'll handle this .	1
he left a few . it helps to warm up .	there 's still a little left . it 'll help keep you warm .	1
as far as differences in the production process are concerned , they were not considered significant .	it 's still ... ... november .	0
i mean , it just seems like ... it seems to bend the space time continuum .	moreover , there is no need for , for example , grounds for renovations to be made available specifically for the examination of victims .	0
when your sweetheart 's husband 's in the joint for manslaughter , the word `` parole '' has a nasty ring to it .	when your husband 's husband is in prison for manslaughter , the word `` release '' has an uncomfortable tinge .	1
he himself was a bachelor , and members of his staff were not allowed to bring their wives with them , if they had them .	he was an old lad himself , and his subordinates were not allowed to marry their wives if they had any .	1
μy men are strong , but they haνe need of a true leader .	my people are strong , but they need a real leader .	1
oh , let me go down with you .	i took care of it .	0
i was supposed to sing tommy .	let the rest go .	0
there was a surprise present for me on our freshly sodded front lawn , a rowboat .	there was a surprise for me on the freshly ground floor of our lawn in front of my house - a rowboat .	1
a few years back , a venezuelan cartel boss named huertavas hired the ghosts to steal a fortune from his rival .	it 's shared by everyone equally .	0
ah , but this one has a whole new kind of act .	yeah , but this is a completely new kind of behavior .	1
right now , she 's , uh -- she 's in philadelphia visiting linda ashby .	we 'll do anything to get rich .	0
speaks with her , please . can not speak with a sheep .	talk to her , please . - i ca n't talk to sheep !	1
the silly song soothed mara and she let her thoughts drift .	fucking phone !	0
that 's what boys like you will call her , not everybody .	she 's gon na call her guys like you , not everyone .	1
the problem is we got too good a look at him .	the problem is we saw him very well .	1
i ... i stopped taking those way before ethan .	i stopped taking them .	1
this is tina 's one big chance to finally get what she wants .	this is tinin 's chance to finally get what he wants .	1
okay , now , i 'm going to walk you through this ...	okay , now , i 'm gon na do you this ...	1
get ready for movement .	prepare to move .	1
just 'cause there ai n't any goons on the dock does n't mean they ai n't on the sub .	and one answer to such a competition is the production of vast quantities of progeny .	0
kendra , run the meeting .	i consider , however , that this clarification does not substantially alter the issue under examination in the present proceedings .	0
perhaps if you 'd fully disclosed yourself to nietzsche , you might have engaged him .	i want him to be okay , sir .	0
you know what i think of you and why . ''	you know what i think of you , and why. ``	1
what is wrong with people ?	what happened to the people ?	1
`` bring him to sir oliver , on your lives ! ''	`` take him to sir oliver if your life is nice . ''	1
`` would i ! ''	`` no ! ''	1
'in the last few dreams she has been on a mountainside , struggling to climb .	shiva naik tore the file .	0
cried cinderella tears . i told her she could have that layer cake she 's wearing .	you should have seen her ... when i told her she could take that layer of cake she 's wearing right now .	1
in fact , the only thing they were n't found guilty of was the one thing they were most guilty of , being dumb stupid fucks .	you 're damien scott .	0
an economic study of each region will help to refine the structure of the sector in these two regions .	structuring this sector will allow economic studies in both regions .	1
but the islanders remain a hardy and resourceful people .	mottola , what about the command ?	0
with effort , he concentrated on an editorial .	he was merely trying to concentrate on the editorial .	1
very funny ! watch your ...	and he put on a long spear to hunt a big game , like ... a deer .	0
ah , your mother 's a droid !	your mothers are droids !	1
it 's not like pann and hippolyta to miss a meeting .	that 's not like the virgin or hippolytie to miss the meeting .	1
she 's got better things to do , i 'm sure .	listen :	0
it 's barred from the inside . - he 's barricaded himself in .	it 's blocked from the inside .	1
hello , love .	there 's another ship in orbit .	0
how 's someone like you get as far in your organization without knowing his guns ?	they probably met jack and cokes at the club .	0
chew your food before you swallow !	i know where you live .	0
oh , so sid shot himself in the head just to start a war .	`` is that what worries you ? ''	0
he moved his hand over hers .	what are you doing here anyway ?	0
successful mission , winning the war -- those are all things that i 've desperately wanted , things that i 've dreamt about .	just bring him to me .	0
this is your young business partner ?	is this your partner ?	1
what would i pay to stay here beside you	what would i pay to stay here with you ?	1
really ? enough to drop everything and dump his whole life savings into it ?	enough to keep everything ... ... and throw out his life savings for him ?	1
but meet us back herein one hour , yeah ?	but come back in an hour , okay ?	1
i went rock-climbing with this kid from school . he fell and got injured and i had to bring him to the hospital .	i was climbing the rocks with one co-pupil he fell , he hurt himself ... and i had to bring him to the hospital .	1
listen , you'il like this group analysis .	listen , come to my group analysis .	1
the towel ...	i 'll be happy . it 'll save my paperwork .	0
and what a monstrous world that is !	and it 's a really terrible world !	1
no , i just threw it in there .	i have a good voice , even best , so let 's take a look at it after dinner .	0
as long as you 're trying to help , right ?	you just wanted to help , right ?	1
you come to steal from us ? billingsley :	did you come to steal it ?	1
maybe he just do n't like us .	he had not yet confirmed the fate of chancellor cohaagen , but we were told he had died along with his troops .	0
lloyd . lloyd . - yes ?	lloyd , lloyd .	1
similar language is used in the first and third management contracts .	the same terminology is used in the first and third administrations .	1
see , but , the problem is , when it comes to his writing , he has absolutely no respect for anybody else 's opinion .	so climb in .	0
after all , they must be safe if raych was able to send us a message . ''	i asked , `` how are you ? ''	0
it 's compact , you could say that 's its strength .	he 's compact , and that 's what his strength is .	1
the second task finishes at the same time that the first task finishes .	( b ) keep evidence of the weight acquired at the time of storage ;	0
i worked my way through state college .	i 'm making my way to college .	1
the budget is about €6 million .	the budget represents approximately eur 6 million .	1
do you remember sir , when i first came here for a job ,	or go straight to the black market .	0
the important thing is that you stay safe .	it 's important that you be safe .	1
second voyage of james cook	james cooper 's second voyage	1
even with diplomatic protection .	even if i have diplomatic immunity .	1
what about the plant varieties and seeds tribunal ?	we do n't have a working time , just a job .	0
move it or lose it , sister !	move or get out , sister !	1
fucking do it !	actually , i ca n't think of anything .	0
perhaps that outcome shouldn ’ t seem so strange .	no plans .	0
`` well , i do n't want to put you to any inconvenience .	`` well , i do n't want to cause you any trouble .	1
well , ai n't that some shit .	why are you looking for him ?	0
what if a harkonnen sees an opportunity to create an 'accident ' ?	so we could say we could do the best we could , and they could die in peace .	0
you 're under arrest .	i 've graduated from the undergraduate course of anatomy , physiology , neurochemistry , neurophysiology , and genetics .	0
abner marsh was n't so sure .	abner marsh had n't seen it so clearly .	1
just a kiss , nothing more .	one day a doctor tells me i have a sclerosis multiplex , and the next day , he tells me i have ...	0
the results of the review of the representation made by the director-general for europeaid are included in the report on the edfs .	dr. hart , what is it ?	0
dipper , you wan na do a toothbrush race ? - okay .	and they want to gain extra .	0
wh-where 's mary ?	then the card turned , and the great letters , which seemed comically large , had been signed .	0
i like them more cinnamon .	she 's gone , amadeo .	0
boring . ready ?	`` can you stand ? ''	0
why do i always get a warped one ?	why do i always ?	1
the goddamn hell is this guy ?	but as a sequel , it was good and safe .	0
huh , i could have sworn it was 9:00 .	the ocean view .	0
i imagine newt 's painting is being dried in the sun by now , along with the butt of my cigar .	diego is not well .	0
i could most happily live here .	i could live here .	1
wonder startled words from his lips and the star on lythande 's forehead blazed suddenly .	the words came from his lips , and the star of lythanda 's lead suddenly flared .	1
show view toolbar	in the vicinity of bar t ... look for them .	0
and it has close to 1,200 such plants for 300 occupants .	we had approximately 1200 plants in 300 people .	1
that had never been a problem for high ridge , of course , since the conservative association had no representation in the commons .	high ridge did not suffer such problems , however , as the conservative association did not have any representation in the house of commons .	1
`` he who catches a falling star , oh heartless man `` your heart shall be mine ... ''	you see this job ?	0
wow , yeah , must be a mutant thing ... but not win a fight carrying a laser in the face !	it 's homegrown pet .	0
i have no idea who they are .	i do n't know who he was .	1
she was very angry , that one .	the agent 's key phrase sounds like it 's going to rain .	0
call the prison where tyson did time .	call the jail where he was sitting .	1
sweet dreams . - bye .	i need to find out what those people are and what they 've done with the nappies .	0
i think he 's got it !	i think he figured it out !	1
hey , get off .	`` each of those characters is created by a living model , '' i assured him .	0
subject : imitation of number plates and euro coins by turkey answer from the commission ( 7 april 2006 )	poor guy .	0
i walked to the car , pausing shyly before opening the door and stepping in .	i know you were sad lately .	0
and now he keeps on living like an honest man .	the only problem is the delay , and we 'll fix it by adding more equipment and computers .	0
and ask who lucy was .	and i 'll ask who this lucy is .	1
this directive is without prejudice to directive 2003/4/ec , save where otherwise provided .	this directive is without prejudice to directive 2003 / 4 / ec unless otherwise specified .	1
( b ) inability of the crew to control the system , for example :	i do n't see you in town lately .	0
rule two : no names .	no , you 're right , i 'm not even aware of my own boundaries .	0
you can be saved . - do n't let go !	you can be saved .	1
sixteen sds , seven bcs , and thirty-two lighter units . ''	sixteen sds , seven battlecruisers , and thirty-two lighter units. ``	1
no , not at all .	no .	1
he 's really unlucky .	you 'll forget about charlie murdoch and the plans .	0
because she is too beautiful , unreachable .	she made the job difficult ... so she simply took the half of it away to make it easy for her .	0
god knows i 've told him .	it was n't anger .	0
she is giving birth for you , ripley , and now she is perfect .	petrocephalus zakoni lavoué , sullivan & arneard , 2010 ``	0
i got ta show you jason 's grave ! - come on !	and the end is never happy .	0
i 'm telling you , we got to stop the truck .	for my brother budd , the only man i ever loved .	0
the chamber 's flooded with radiation , yes ?	this room is infested with radiation , right ?	1
well , looks like you 've been having yourself a time , marshal .	looks like you 've got plenty of time , sheriff .	1
all my medicine is at home and i 'm feeling strange .	we 're going to venice for congress .	0
joe mentioned to me several times that he felt like motown was taking the group over , taking them away from his direction .	joe had told me several times that he felt as though motown led the band in a different direction than he wanted .	1
some administrative structures and implementing legislation are in place .	some administrative structures have been introduced and implementing legislation has been adopted .	1
autonomous security .	i 've got stalemate of old rocks and bones ... and guesses about how the animal behaved ... dead 65 million years ago .	0
the file replication service is in an error state .	the file replication service ( frs ) is in a bad state .	1
pick up the pace , cadet neff !	i 'm not leaving .	0
admit it -- does n't it feel good to break a few rules , take a walk on the wild side ?	face it - is n't it a good feeling to break a few rules , walk around on the flip side ?	1
'what does that mean , precisely ? '	`` what exactly does that mean ? ''	1
but in a moment :	but after a while :	1
i 've brought wine and steak and even rum baba .	i brought wine and steaks and even rumbab .	1
norma is a very difficult girl .	norma is hard work .	1
she grew scarlet carsons for me in our window box ... ... and our place always smelt of roses .	it 's all arranged .	0
senator sedgewick sexton savored the privacy of his lincoln stretch limousine as it snaked through washington 's morning traffic toward his office .	i did n't want to give it to you ... ... but i did it for charlemo when you wanted to put him away .	0
they were the remnant of the guard that was kept at that point where the way from anórien and rohan ran into the townlands :	it 's a couple of miles around that ridge .	0
i just met her this week .	first of all , i had a headache .	0
what do you expect ? the comedian 's dead .	the comedian is dead .	1
get him on three !	switch to number three !	1
strucker 's technology is well beyond any other hydra base we 've taken .	jarlaxle sneered silently into the darker , narrower alleyways among the houses of the lower houses .	0
each ml of solution contains 1.3 gbq samarium ( 153sm ) lexidronam pentasodium at the reference date ( corresponding to 20 to 80 µg/ml of samarium per vial )	1 ml solution contains 1.3 gbq / ml samaria ( 153m )	1
oh , and ... judging by the postmark , i figured this had something to do with you ...	and according to the postage stamp , i figured you had something to do with it .	1
all right . but this article was about logic and , and truth , and how him and some other fella related to , uh ...	all right , but this article was about logic , truth , and that he was involved with some kind of ...	1
this provision shall apply both to written statements and oral addresses .	jan nykrýn - recording & recording	0
i regret to inform you the emerald green bonnet is sadly out of stock .	i 'm sorry to inform you , unfortunately , that the emerald green bonnet is already sold out .	1
well , it sounds like you want to do what 's best for yourself .	it 's more like you want to do your best for yourself .	1
edward , the duke of york the earl of suffolk sir richard ketly	edward , the duke of york , the count of suffolk .	1
okay , now ...	at the very moment johnny was even more immersed in imagining the pleasures he would enjoy with the girl , harry spoke quietly :	0
linc . company 's data tech finally got a hit on our guy 's cell phone .	were n't you a little scared ?	0
oleg , that 's your gift .	listen , cabot took the president .	0
i think we should end this whole shitty thing right now .	i think we should end this right now .	1
`` oh sure , '' gillian was sarcastic .	`` yes , of course , '' said gillian sarcastically .	1
yeah , walden 's trying to set me up with his baby sister .	walden wants to hook me up with his younger sister .	1
rob . listen .	rob , listen ...	1
may i work on it with you later tonight ?	i ca n't read music .	0
tie him up , rob him , we 're out .	come on , we have to get you out .	0
well , i 'm gon na take a blood sample .	he set off , and i nearly hit three women to get in the way of him .	0
sitting behind me , a few rows back , is a tall black gentleman . do you remember him ?	speak english !	0
well , things are n't so bad .	it 's not that bad .	1
hey , where the hell you been ?	this is my group .	0
but if you break a rule that actually has a reason that 's designed to protect people ,	his lungs filled with water .	0
i was hoping you 'd stay over .	22 years ago , and our bus driver , roger thinks he 's around 30 .	0
conserving batteries , sir .	everyone should be honest about who he is .	0
give me a separate job , please .	give me a long job , please .	1
what do n't i believe in , abby ?	i have n't told him yet , but he 's on a waiting list at prescott 's academy .	0
just hold on .	that 's it , every time i try to go down , i get in trouble .	0
of course you should .	of course .	1
at least mr. wilcox does .	and so they say , at least mr wilcox .	1
we 're taking you to the presidential palace now , sir , so we can issue a statement once the final votes are tallied .	he was expelled last week .	0
the japanese are flooding the pacific with radio traffic .	dr turner , you 're early !	0
we 'll split them , okay ?	i just had to see her .	0
no more will we fight the wars of the few through the heart of the many .	no more fighting for a few people through the heart of all .	1
you know , when i was young , i used to be obsessed with the pop charts .	that 's because you do n't know how to talk to them .	0
and the oil tankers , and the dump trucks , and the people who go to work in bangor or brewer and come home at night . ”	i 'd teach him to play baseball .	0
i wo n't bother you two .	now i prefer to focus on my future .	0
maybe the nail salon 's not such a good idea .	give me your mailing -- - jabberwock12 harvard.edu .	0
they all replied to the questionnaires within the given deadlines .	all companies replied to the questionnaires within the prescribed time limits .	1
as i understand it , you only breathe once a minute .	you want me to go get her ?	0
i ca n't go on any further ... .	there 's a celebration at the ranch for don ramon .	0
dust-off 2-2 is right behind them with four on board , no details , toc 's only getting every second word , sir .	foreign programs are china , lndia .	0
oh , they 're very nice , though .	gaunt looked at cor , blinking one eye .	0
well , let 's just ...	judy always liked that other women were interested in me .	0
should we remove her from society ,	come on .	0
i 'm gon na be a little later than i thought , okay ?	what ? scientology .	0
supper came to the usual quiet close , and we headed for the porch .	only the three survivors , plus her platoon commander , lieutenant forman .	0
“ head of stamps , sir , ” said stanley .	'the head of the post office , sir , 'stanley said .	1
well , what 's his is yours , so give 'em the island and verence can sign a bit o ' paper later on .	harry looked around quickly , and the other four were nowhere to be seen , but there was another terror close to him .	0
the vicomtesse alone was there , and she made him welcome with a smile .	justine , clemenza , thank you .	0
they do n't care about us , only about making a buck off our backs .	they do n't care about us , but only on pulling money out of our pockets .	1
ernest ? - monday .	ernest ?	1
she just did n't believe in the stuff that you were saying .	she just did n't believe what you were saying .	1
you find him , you can tell him i said so .	windows detected an error in this file .	0
“ i hummed , and that was magic , though i knew it not at the time .	the final decision was , to load the live board in the fillmore , which eventually turned out to be excellent , big decisions .	0
i just need some time , sammy .	well , he worked for me .	0
good to meet you .	i 'm glad to meet you .	1
keep breathing in and out .	just breathe .	1
the fault is mine as much as yours .	let 's get something straight .	0
we 'll unhook the tank .	we 'll disconnect the tanker .	1
i 'm the strongest spy , but.. in south korea , my job is to impersonate an unemployed idiot .	how did this happen ?	0
what are we ?	`` now , sit down , '' the gunslinger ordered .	0
you are always yelling .	you keep shouting .	1
and it 's just -- it 's too big of a step .	michael ...	0
this is our city , all right ?	he knew he 'd snitch .	0
we can not be too prepared .	i do n't want to wrestle you ... ... but i 'm not gon na leave the empire ... ... for some unscrupulous fraudster !	0
the agreements were extended by means of a decree published in the journal officiel de la république française .	the extension of the agreements shall be carried out by the adoption of the decree published in the official journal of the french republic .	1
do n't peek . - no . wait right here .	it is necessary to take an important link in the chain for all three epidemics for the integrated approach and the organisation of patients .	0
i 'll go getthat big juicy salmon for you .	i 'll get you a large juiced salmon just for you .	1
so late ? i do whatever amanda waller asks , remember ?	i ca n't give you anything .	0
'i think you should , ' i said .	`` i think you should . ''	1
try it , fella , go ahead .	try it on , man .	1
“ hm .	no .	0
why do n't you come and sit by the fire ?	sit by the fire .	1
i want you ... to consider marrying her .	yeah , no curfew at night , no ultimatum , no friendly with the enemy behind my back .	0
`` a pretty roundabout route , '' agger said .	`` a long way to go , '' said agger .	1
i , kiyomasa kato , am not intimidated by any enemy .	i 'm kiyomasa kato , i 'm not scared of any enemy .	1
tonight we celebrate .	did he ?	0
no . not at all .	no , no , no .	1
just happy to see you . that 's all .	you had everything a man could dream of .	0
you might pay him the regard of warning him that he will be best served by staying away from me .	you can give him a salute with the warning he 'll be best done when he gets away from me .	1
should you call hannah and ask her to join us ?	look , i just saw something you want .	0
saunière had written langdon 's name on the floor , commanding sophie to find him .	oh , he can wait until he leaves , he lets porn and he 's masturbating .	0
you 're throwing at me ?	normal people do n't follow `` a . ''	0
every man needs an alternative profession .	a record of confession , now .	0
sally , who my parents actually liked maybe even more than i did .	the screaming continues , and y.t . is still turning his head to look at the arabans when the door opens with another little bit of light .	0
he twisted down towards the ground , flinging himself hectically through the air , at the same time hurling the bomb harmlessly off into the distance .	if they show up , eminence , yes .	0
i thought i would be out 16th place .	`` is there a guy with a megaphone ? ''	0
did your wife ever discuss the particular witness she was dealing with ?	did she ever talk to you about specific witnesses ?	1
some skirmish against ardneh , two thousand years ago . ''	in a skirmish with ardneh two thousand years ago. ``	1
i 'll take it off your hands for $ 50,000 .	are we gon na talk about the commissioner thing or what ?	0
they must burn creatures in there .	you 're careful .	0
you think you 're perfect ? ! .	you think you 're perfect ?	1
will you two stop talkin ' like that , for cryin ' out loud ?	now , if you 'll excuse me , i have something important .	0
i want you to call your pal , link . get his location .	i want you to call your friend link and find out where he is .	1
mostly from people downwind of you .	perfect .	0
071 328 66 11 , 071 328 66 12 or 0662 169 226 .	but if you ever see a flower in my bow , you can smell it .	0
into the bathroom .	i did n't realise how selfish i was .	0
it seems to radiate cosmic energy when it exerts itself ... ... randomly affecting matter .	it gives way to cosmic energy , and at the same time , it randomly affects matter at random .	1
uh , we 've just gotten a call from rachel ... ... and she told us what ross did .	is that all you think about ?	0
i 'm not sure what he 's really up to , but i have a feeling he 'll be back .	i 'm not sure what he 's got for a lull but i feel he will come back	1
just bring me the boy .	you know , the music is ... original or remodeled .	0
are you sure this is what you want ?	i 've dated a robot once .	0
you 've probably heard about me .	come on . we 'll get you home .	0
he thanked god for the mexicans and for the spruills , and for the fine crops around us .	oh , i got an e-mail .	0
heart monitor is the grandfather .	that 's grandpa 's heart condition .	1
how does that happen ? !	how did this happen ?	1
they taught children to do that at the kindergarten .	that 's what kids are taught in kindergarten .	1
you 'll just have to go to the airport without me . ♪ ♪	you 'll just go to the airport without me .	1
please wait here .	one second , please wait .	1
did you pack him a lunch ?	i think cal is exactly what he 's doing .	0
got ta remember that .	i did n't die .	0
even get married .	i 'll get married .	1
er , the ambulance has been held up , so dwayne and fidel are moving the body inside .	the ambulance was delayed , so dwayne and fidel moved the body inside .	1
so , thisbecomes your office .	so here 's your office .	1
so , now , on top of everything else , you 're gon na try and keep my son from me ? no .	now , are you still trying to keep my son from me ?	1
my wife just went back to get her master 's and we got two kids in private schools .	the woman has started college again and we have two children at private schools .	1
many of the scientific corps are openly speaking against you .	he threw me out on earth with his wife .	0
not very long ago someone was raped here .	and since her majesty is present , she will be honored under the applicable laws of this kingdom .	0
i met someone .	i feel like a fool .	0
mrs. churchill and imust now made our home in london .	mrs. churchill and i have to live in london now .	1
your wife 's family is rich , i believe	did i miss anything ?	0
the preservation order shall be available to the creditor as an alternative to preservation measures under national law .	the detention order is available to the creditor as an alternative to hedging measures under national law .	1
after i kickedhim in the balls .	after i kicked him in the balls .	1
he walked around in front of vergil , chin in hand .	he came before vergila , with his chin in his hand .	1
get him to reach out to caco , make sure the family 's notified .	take him to caco , make sure the family is met .	1
what with the kicking and the wiggling , i realized it was time for me to go home and give you and midge a chance .	`` what 's your name ? '' murbella asked abruptly .	0
please , do n't go . - please , stop .	to relieve her suffering , she brought it to a mirror in which her flaws showed even more .	0
there ai n't nothing you can say that can scare me .	you ca n't say anything to freak me out .	1
it 's me ... frankie .	it 's me , francie .	1
you need to decide right now .	whatever ivan is paying you , he 's throwing money away .	0
for what ? - look , the mom 's dead , but as long as you pump that bag , - her baby 's still alive .	mom 's dead , but as long as you pump the air into it , the baby 's alive .	1
`` a mystical prognosticator of some kind helped you assemble this case ? ''	`` some kind of mysterious prophecy that helped you solve this case ? ''	1
oh , do n't mind that .	do n't mind him .	1
i 'm not looking for another .	i do n't know who sid was , but he 's got a hell of a good taste for whores .	0
mm-hmm . but mostly , i pretend to not know that my husband 's having a weekly tryst with a stripper named tangerine .	tak eh wen !	0
get to work .	let 's get to work .	1
by this you mean your unusual genetic makeup ?	stop , anders .	0
i tell you what , i 'll give you five it 's a week , joe .	from her voice , i conclude that she earns her baking pie in a hollow tree .	0
go on .	come on .	1
page rows	lines on a page	1
mom , i have not talked again about dance .	mom ... you never talked about dancing .	1
all right , i want you to come in with me .	all i know is that you only have one .	0
the french had accounted for this unexpected defection on the part of their ally in various ways .	the french explained all of this unloyalty to their ally .	1
i got ta take a fucking 12-pound shit ! –how we doing ?	i have to take a shit five-pound shit .	1
oh , i ca n't miss tomorrow night 's game .	2009 19 : 26 , week 24 ( even )	0
but he did .	nelson , symbol cryptography .	0
i wan na drive 'em !	i was ready , but i ca n't .	0
when you finish this unit , you 'll turn over the plans and scrap material .	yeah , you like it .	0
well , if tamara told you she 'd be in the game , that 's where she 'll stay until i find her .	enforcement : promoting enforcement of consumers by strengthening cooperation between national law enforcement authorities and supporting consumers in the form of counselling .	0
if you ca n't learn to ride an elephant , you can at least learn to ride a horse . ''	i call it `` naked man . ''	0
well , i figure we 're safe here .	i assume we 're safe here .	1
and it was really a turning point in my life ,	that was the real point of a breakthrough in my life ,	1
the girl in the pictures	the girl from the picture .	1
if a guarantee is received instead of payment , the fine remains as a recoverable .	everyone needs an alternative job .	0
mr. worf has found a brotherwho still lives on mars colony .	`` i feel i ca n't handle it . '' and we all understand .	0
what do you mean ? we 're looking for somebody who knows amanda .	you said we were looking for someone who knew amanda ...	1
you wo n't name any names .	he 's not going to name anyone .	1
well , i 'm thrilled you had such a wonderful time .	i 'm glad you had a good time .	1
pouring down hate and discontent like a motherfucker .	they vent hatred and dissatisfaction as a swine	1
oh , oh , oh ! trey !	trey !	1
why do n't you pull it ?	why do n't you spread it ?	1
now , if i was n't licensed , the very same recipe for the very same hooch would be illegal . and better marketing .	if i did n't have a license , a very similar recipe for such brandy would be illegal .	1
this can not happen !	it could n't happen .	1
if you do ... do n't fuck around behind her back .	i think he 's heading over here .	0
i did n't go back to school then i taught chinese in a school	i did n't go back to school .	1
this is called floss .	this is called dental floss .	1
and look , they 're designer .	she had a short-core pistol with a short , tight holster on her ribs , and a spare clip on the other side of the tape .	0
no way he 'll win !	he found the watcher and heard the doctors talking about you .	0
things were good .	he did n't tell you	0
i 'm wiped out , john .	i could use some help .	0
once there was an elephant and a rhinoceros .	the nation can use planes again , and lucy will be at a friend 's house on saturday night .	0
aban is highly respected by the local population .	aban is very much recognised among the local population .	1
besides , all those simple sentences worked for hemingway , didn ’ t they ?	he taught you what to do .	0
want a blender drink ?	he listened to all the changes of the intonation in clemenza 's voice .	0
the mercedes floated by and turned onto bolsa .	the mercedes sailed past and turned to bolsa .	1
actually , probably due to testosterone .	i 'm so embarrassed you can see it .	0
you do n't want to do this .	you 're not gon na do this .	1
we havesome sandwiches , a cup of tea ?	do we have any sandwiches , some tea ?	1
i do n't suppose you were able to put a name to the witness .	i did n't know where it was going , and where leonard started .	0
you do n't want to be among the women when there 's a baby coming .	it 's painted .	0
and wouldyou consider pride a fault or a virtue ?	and do you consider your pride a mistake or preference ?	1
okay , i 'm no expert , but that sounds a lot like `` grinding . ''	okay , i 'm not an expert , but that sounds awfully like `` plaster . ''	1
listen , i think it 's best if we steer clear of each other from now on .	i take it as yet the most exciting experience in my life .	0
indeed , hardly anything interesting about home prices was ever reported at all , aside from an occasional comment in an article about something else .	you have your own unit on the main street .	0
stop screwing around .	stop screaming around .	1
so , this is my mama 's favorite reduction sauce .	we need to find our parking ticket ... ... and grab that pig .	0
polly anna , i 'm a guest of the head of this family . so why do n't you maybe tend to your mangle or your scuttle ?	use your sleeves .	0
if we keep it all together .	if we stick together .	1
katniss .	you believe all that , do n't you ?	0
and unless you can think of someone that can leave town tomorrow , i 'm fucked .	honestly , you 're welcome .	0
i did n't really get to learn the system as much as i would have liked , but i just let them do what they wanted to do .	i really do n't understand their system as much as i want to , but i let them do what they want .	1
bren , can you do anything about it from remote ?	can you do anything remotely ?	1
nanny spat out the lemons .	a roundabout ?	0
and as of now , ben machado 's the only partner still standing .	and now ben machado is the only partner still in the game .	1
display the equatorial position ( j2000 ref )	the actor who ended up on a mysterious ship like this looking for keyser soze .	0
as your attorney , i advise you to drive over to the tropicana ... and pick up on guy lombardo .	but promise me you 'll come if you change your mind .	0
my page is open for public viewing so that our potential clients can check us out .	see there ?	0
'now and then you do something curious or remarkable .	the disruptive responses of these gases are proportionate to their concentrations , and thus require testing techniques to determine dampening interference at their highest concentrations achieved in testing .	0
i 'm sure they do n't want to be disturbed .	and they certainly do n't want to be disturbed .	1
it was as familiar as the steps of some well-practiced , poisonous dance .	`` and yet , we would n't have to be here if it was n't for you . ''	0
she defended herself , like a true heroine , with a revolver , which she shot through the broken windows whenever a savage made his appearance .	`` i have to get a new tire , '' he said .	0
549 b , wind gusting at 15 km/h , storm system moving in from east .	549 b , a bumpy wind of 15 km / h , the storm system is moving from the east .	1
if i could just talk to you for a quick second ...	selim shut his eyes , muttering the invitation to shai-hulud in a hypnotic rhythm .	0
we will convey your words to the league forces .	fortunately , the net at the ninth level actually worked , and it was just in time to spread out beneath the fallen wizard .	0
you got to becky .	you came to becky 's .	1
the other 170 are porters , cleaners , laundry workers , cooks , etc .	but my father said one thing : it 's 50 years since the chamber was open .	0
# i remember all your grace , your style	# i remember being nice to your style	1
the allocated budget for the entire period is about eur 102 million ( 17 ) .	the total amount of loans to be borne by the state amounts to about eur 102 million ( 17 ) .	1
he knew that while mr. zuckerberg was creating facebook also communicated with the complainants ?	call bill ross to come to the prison for me .	0
framework decision 2001/220 does not contain any special rules concerning the rights of victims where they bring a prosecution themselves .	i do n't work in an orange tree anymore .	0
bring the money here to me .	happy pm - three to jane .	0
the taste of hot , freshly killed blood .	cooperation between the parties is not a prerequisite for managing a large and diverse country ; it is a form of corruption .	0
they got the fire sealed in the fuel pod . - they locked it down .	the objections raised must be delivered within six months of this publication .	0
i wish some strong , chivalrous man would lend me his jacket .	i wish he would lend me a strong hero .	1
it does n't matter who 's right or who 's wrong ...	i think manheim 's effect is becoming more real .	0
you see , have a look .	i 'll be the first to say it .	0
but , you know , i mean , sometimes when i go see a broadway musical ,	sometimes when i go see a broadway musical , i sit there and think ,	1
( matt ) i 'm supposed to be out hunting down maury , but i needed to see you .	thank you , officer .	0
hate the guy , hate the name .	`` do you know the punishment , i think , when they catch you ? ''	0
we can sympathize with a pencil .	the clinical benefits of limiting basic therapy for lowering lipids , including afrees , are not sure .	0
rum , then ? ( sniggers )	rum then ?	1
asshole .	you say it hurts you , but i do n't think it matters .	0
they will discover from where the video comes	he 'll find out where the video is coming from .	1
i did n't realize i was being so selfish .	the chairperson shall forward all necessary information to the member states at the earliest possible time .	0
if we win here , they are blunted and can be driven back .	you were n't invited , and you should leave .	0
yes . there are writings on numerology in kabbalah .	yes , in kabala , he writes about numerology .	1
this professional experience is relevant only where it has been gained after obtaining the qualification giving access to the competition .	did any of you leave a map of youngstown in ohio ?	0
# no	no	1
i know you ca n't use a 10 of clubs , you old fuck .	no , five shots of doggies , ten !	0
i knew that the lady loyse now shared quarters with koris in a border keep .	jane , i do n't know -- - pink faces , no warts .	0
and mummy had never seen such a sweet bear before .	i 've never seen such a beautiful bear .	1
and since when is your brother coming up ?	can you call him and reschedule for tomorrow or ... something like that ?	0
i mean , i do this , and i promise you the mayor is gon na find out about it .	`` are you dreaming ? ''	0
for god 's sake .	by decision 2004 / 600 / ec , the commission adopted the undertaking offered by the exporting producer concerned .	0
god , i 'm so bored .	god , this is boring .	1
get him to the or to suck it out .	i do n't want it to be any more .	0
living alone with all her past glories .	she lives alone with her own glory .	1
well , it 's a sort of megalithic temple-cum-observatory .	well , it 's a kind of megalithic temple with a starlet .	1
he crowded closer .	he stepped closer .	1
if he lives , he'il thank you .	take it , it 's done	0
and frightening .	and scary too .	1
goin through this pass in the mountains .	he drove a mountain pass through here .	1
and by `` brooke , '' you mean your part-time girlfriend brooke ?	and that brooke you mean your girlfriend ?	1
dave !	look at dave .	1
you can get your man and i 'll get my money .	you get that traitor and i 'll get my money .	1
a consistent treatment effect on mortality with xigris administration was observed across patient subgroups defined by age , gender and infection type .	the same effect of xigris reduction in mortality has been observed in subjects defined by age , gender and the type of infection .	1
the section can not be added .	the partition can not be added .	1
like i said , nobody is firing her .	like i said , no one would throw it out .	1
d , unhooks your bra .	you tell me about the odds ! '	0
this is n't stupid .	what do we do with him ?	0
no , you 're not . you need a shot too .	larry , you 're embarrassing yourself .	0
she loves to rhyme .	`` i 'm sorry , '' he said .	0
truth is , you 're a finer copper than i ever was .	the truth is , you 're a better cop than i 've ever been .	1
then what , eh ?	what then ?	1
`` move , damn it ! ''	`` get the hell out of here ! ''	1
this is no spectacle , commandant . citizens , i am minister maketh tua .	citizens , i am ambassador maketh tua .	1
`` ... until the school was on its feet . '' yes , i know .	`` ... there will be no school on his feet . ''	1
you know this ?	i brought you a surprise .	0
she was crying . it was pathetic .	she was crying , it was so embarrassing .	1
so ... ... you do n't think this is an obvious suicide , mr. pet detective ?	so ... ... an animal detective does n't think it was a suicide ?	1
norman bates , because you do , but you 're just too stupid to know it .	norman bates , you have feelings for me , but you 're so stupid , you ca n't even see it .	1
well , well , well ... - hello .	well ...	1
i do n't need work papers .	it 's the right message .	0
nice one .	kind of like how long , i guess ?	0
100 divided by a solvency ratio of 8 ) , the bank must refinance itself on the financial markets 11,5 times over .	no , there 's nothing .	0
looks like he wants to talk to you .	she seems to want to talk to you .	1
yeah , well , we 'll just be easy about it .	yeah , we 're gon na take it easy .	1
did you see the bedroom ?	you saw the bedroom .	1
but for the past six or eight months , tien 's been telling me to stop worrying , he had it under control .	for the last six or eight months , though , tien said i should n't be afraid he 's in control .	1
cinematography by fukuzo koizumi and takao saito production design by yoshiro muraki music by masaru sato	main voice 1 - rectangular wave	0
and what they do is really to take absurd ideas , and they present these ideas in all seriousness .	that 's why i hate strangers . yes , it 's true ...	0
the effect on the traditional own resources of the budget is -6,6 mio €/year ( 75 % x 8,8 mio €/year ) .	on the packaging of the product for sale , the name of the oscypec may be replaced or supplemented by the words `` oszcypek . ''	0
you know , go on/ thank you .	thank you .	1
thus , initially , that responsibility was assessed by reference to factors peculiar to the infringement such as its nature and its impact on the market .	remember , you 're only here for observation .	0
oh , mother , help me it 's all right , casey , i got you .	oh , mom , help me hold on to you , casey .	1
new york will still be there after you 've earned your college degree .	new york will still be here when you make the title .	1
and yet when the time came , when it came to picking sides between him and alleline , you did n't hesitate .	clear !	0
that 's all right , buddy . just relax . stay calm .	i have work to do .	0
uh , a thing , is it ?	remove or change bad rules .	0
quick ! in here , in here .	over here !	1
nah , i do n't want to meet you .	why do n't you have a seat on that couch ?	0
man : stan !	stan !	1
- establish clear conditions for the transparent trading of slots so all market competitors can know what can be bought and sold .	- establishing clear conditions for transparent trading of slots in order to buy and transparency	1
this is the goddamned railroad , and we will do whatever we have to do to keep you freeloaders from violating our liability .	we ca n't make it .	0
everything she 'd heard since she hit the streets suggested that hawk had gone berserk , fighting and killing anyone who got between him and morgan .	according to what she heard from her wandering streets , hawk was going crazy and killing anyone who stood between him and morgan .	1
`` sorry about the buckle rash .	i 'm sorry about the switch .	1
karis sat quietly as tarantio told her of the journey , and the recovery of the pearl .	did he bring them out of camp ?	0
usually when someone his size gets hit with a air bag ... . ..it 's a fractured face , broken neck , maybe worse .	corticosteroids are not the only treatment for non-frizzy eating disorders .	0
a curl of smoke rose from the carpet , but the small fire died almost instantly , drowned in the melting candlewax .	if i knew what to tell him , i would have sent the wereleopards out to talk .	0
it 's already driven me to drink .	it made me drink too .	1
as you may know , 11 days ago , atmospheric tracking determined ... ... that russian communications satellite ikon ... ... has initiated orbital degradation .	the wonsan bay is over the ridge .	0
when they tried to stop him he thrashed them instead .	when they wanted to stop him , he let go of them .	1
or worse : impaled by youssouf pasha .	or worse , he will betray us.. as youssouf pasha called .	1
some kind of sick , twisted , plantation-days kind of thing ? hey .	a sick , twisted game of planter ?	1
yes , i 'm sure he 's very good ... at exorcism but ...	why do n't you bring it up a little , read dean 's mind and tell us which one of the jonas brothers is dreaming ?	0
lesbian computer nerds .	murray has some paperwork for you .	0
if i fall , another will take my place .	the ghost faces in the window .	0
actually ... ... i was thinking about what our corpses would look like when they 're eventually found .	she came here for the first time a year .	0
come on . take it easy .	her favorite shade was cherry-scrub .	0
all we 've got are platinum disks of some ancient goddess and a sick mage with a few new spells . ''	payment account for payment	0
i am . there 's nothing to worry about .	there 's nothing to be afraid of .	1
it 's aerodynamically impossible .	keith , give us two beers .	0
i mean , this stuff does n't happen in real life , does it ? no .	[ 3 ] oj l 72 , 26.3.1971 , p .	0
( 3 ) ii – legal framework , facts and the question referred a – applicable provisions 4 .	she wants to see you .	0
it 's very nice to see you all again .	your station 's here .	0
do you not think we should do something to repress who is so disobedient and rebellious ?	directive 1999 / 31 / ec continues to apply to waste other than the mining waste used for filling the excavated premises , according to the need .	0
`` personal feelings do n't make for good politics , legal decisions , or business deals . ''	or the father will be worse .	0
84 that argument can not be accepted .	he still wants to feed me a spoon and makes weird noises like a plane .	0
syntax : iisvdir [ /s [ /u [ /p ] ] ] /create	syntax : iisvdir [ / s [ / u [ / p ] ] / create	1
alexander is better now , and finally i have time to write .	we have to get off the bus .	0
the strange thing is is that in lived in peace for a period of time , and then it suddenly turned ,	foreman expects an x-ray on this tiny display .	0
that 's god 's food . that 's for god .	the company thought that at the time of high sugar prices , even san lorenzo 's gravel and gravel plains could be profitable .	0
the contained use of gmms throughout the community should be monitored , and to this end member states should supply certain information to the commission .	we could do something more appropriate our age , maybe listen to a voice , check out drinking or something .	0
okay , uh , let 's fast-forward to the accident , please .	because i 'll have your son here .	0
i 'm proud of you , june .	i 'm proud of you .	1
he stopped , suddenly .	then he stopped .	1
good idea , annie .	that 's why i sought help .	0
you say here that you play at night ?	i ca n't lose tomorrow 's game .	0
oh , personal effects , robbie .	keep your head up , boy .	0
`` is n't it a little hard to know which way you 're going at bight ? '' garion asked him .	`` is n't it a little difficult to see which way to go at night ? '' garion asked him .	1
( woman ) ernie and i had lunch plans .	i had lunch plans with ernie .	1
kill everybody there and be gone before the echo fades .	she was looking for the world this week , la prima edizione del los angeles times e il rotocalco new jersey news bulletin .	0
`` i suppose i had n't thought about it from that angle , '' tracy said .	of course , i take the responsibility to myself , but if i had n't , i would n't have had the pictures. ``	0
and a woman is about to get deported because of a lie .	`` nothing , '' said the narrator .	0
what is that drawing up there ?	my son shows love .	0
was that the sound of my hp printer printing ?	for the soldier .	0
okay , okay , okay .	all right , all right !	1
chill out , hannah .	what have you got ?	0
every time we run an operation and i do n't see hoffman ... ... it means he 's running another operation .	`` not always .	0
so that 's how it all started .	great .	0
what a lovely name .	nice name .	1
but ill-advised , mr. king .	i see him completely , a ridiculous little stranger with a bold broad smile , and his hair is sniffed with grease .	0
what are you doing , you spaz ?	what are you doing here ?	1
he showed you what to do .	go back to the settlement and warn the others .	0
do something for you .	they 'll do anything for you .	1
seriously .	i 'm serious .	1
zpm “ janex ”	`` janex '' zedpm	1
i 'm so scared	it is clear from the wording of the complaint that such cooperation may involve , in all cases , the exchange of personal data .	0
however , he stayed loyal to his czech jawa , ” said racer vojtěch staniš , as he proves his knowledge .	he 's an idiot .	0
that 's when i put on the extra locks .	that 's why i made the extra locks .	1
you knew months ago we were gon na be on .	you knew the months to the fore we 'd be there .	1
i 'm here only short time , but the only one not directly involved in your vendetta .	vasculitis ?	0
he was too badly injured .	it 's not going faster .	0
we ca n't do anything about ava .	maybe he should have used sunscreen .	0
a pet .	`` that a dying leader will lead mankind to the land of the promised land . ''	0
scour the inns and taverns near the docks .	he struck the attacking monster just behind his left shoulder , veering the tip of the arrow into her great heart , and stabbed them .	0
you know , the economy , it 's not so good .	put your elbow like this .	0
i 'll send you an invitation , do n't bother to come .	i 'll send an announcement . you do n't have to bother .	1
your brother has been a significant investment .	your brother represented a small investment .	1
science always . empirical evidence always rules .	these tests are culturally focused .	0
compare it to the gene sample .	compare to the gene formula .	1
what 's up , tiger lily ?	you just needed them for my lunch , and they look like they cost a fortune .	0
hey , hairy palms , what 's it to you ?	hairy , what do you care ?	1
15 min on foot .	if the driving force of microbes was directed only to optimize their virulence and perniceness , the larger species would not be able to survive under any circumstances .	0
but if i walk him into a station house or a courtroom , what do you think he 's going to do , huh ?	but when i 'm going to the house or courtroom , what do you think is going to do , huh ?	1
the brotherhood needs your eyes , followers .	the brotherhood is calling on their loyal followers .	1
no , thanks . - you sure ?	you sure ?	1
yes . and i found it heartbreaking .	yes , and it was heartbreaking .	1
i feel that emotion i 'm gon na have some fun	i feel the emotion i 'll be happy	1
`` you are the object of my desire . ''	`` after you , angelique . '' `` i desire you . ''	1
you 've not seen me in a long time general .	long before humans started using horses in agriculture , they killed them for their meat .	0
you know how long it took to invent the games , to merchandise them ... to get ´em into the stores by christmas ?	`` i 'd say so . ''	0
are you ready ?	it 's not a legal question .	0
inflammatory words from a union boss ?	flashy words of a union boss ?	1
go on , take it .	i 'll come back for them later .	0
'hitler and the jews and all that . '	i have to fucking go !	0
nevertheless , venport needed to reach an agreement with these men .	however , venport had reached an agreement with them .	1
ted is the local union rep ?	at the beginning , it was different .	0
wall street has killed main street .	you lead the pack of super-wolves .	0
and so , i would leave now for lndia .	and i would now go to india .	1
you ca n't do this job forever .	of course .	0
we 'll get the case , eh , gregor ?	will we get him , gregor ?	1
cos you gave us one photo only .	i do n't know yet ... ... because you only sent us one picture .	1
free chocco .	my hand !	0
you 're molly ringwald .	i wrote it all down .	0
some assholes tell me i 'm lucky .	some guys say i was lucky .	1
galeni was not a suitable candidate either .	he raised his hand , lost his hair , and pulled off his wig .	0
air supply :	air inlet :	1
easy . lie back .	lie down .	1
clever princess . deal ?	smart princess .	1
i wanted to see him do the perp walk .	then i 'm definitely a good imitation .	0
burt , right . this is mr shelby in room 21 .	mom got them .	0
57th street was just ...	57th was just ...	1
and because her majesty present she shall be proclaimed , following the laws of these kingdoms .	give it to liberacio .	0
all right , come on .	come on .	1
so , you excited to go back to school ?	soon after , they rebelled , freed themselves , and took control of the ship .	0
do you think that i 'm a narcissist or a horse 's ass ?	i thought you only took a boy with rich fathers .	0
where were you when the gods themselves shined down upon me ?	from the lab came the results of the glass from the shoulder of faith .	0
it embedded itself in the floor and burst into flames .	as you can see , her intestine was entangled , so i 'm gon na have to cut them up .	0
abruptly , i felt really sick with guilt–felt truly horrible about the brainless cliff dive .	do you really think i could kill another man ?	0
i take responsibility , of course , but if i had n't done it , i probably would n't have gotten the shots . ''	`` i ca n't pinpoint where my blood comes from , '' i said .	0
how 's everybody doing ?	how are you doing ?	1
he had started off , and i nearly knocked three women down getting around in front of him for interference .	eventually they got married , settled in lubov castle and had a baby together .	0
you need me to call you an ambulance ?	do you need an ambulance ?	1
swordsman are obsessed with duels in this country .	faucet and schaffer .	0
i 'm lying to everybody , especially brendan and sierra , actually brings me pleasure .	i 'm lying to everyone , especially brendan and sierra .	1
he came to see me afterwards .	then he came to me .	1
i 'll be out of town for a few weeks .	in fact , because this building is an architectural jewel and deserves to be a memorial .	0
article 10 , entitled ‘ disputes between contracting parties ’ , states :	article 10 of that agreement , entitled `` disputes between the contracting parties , '' provides :	1
error : object path not specified .	it reminds me how i ate the watch kif gave you .	0
remember your lines .	remember that .	1
took away his cancer .	you removed his cancer .	1
then when i 'm satisfied with you ... ... you 'll go where the army tells you .	and if i 'm happy with you ... ... you will go wherever you are sent by the army .	1
whatever you 're going to do , get on with it !	you should go see her .	0
raistlin paused , inspected the plant .	raist-lin stopped and inspected the plant carefully .	1
that 's not a doctor . that 's ...	we 'll be home soon .	0
must look around .	i have to look around .	1
s0blackpetrucci	s0 black petrucci	1
no time .	no , it 's not time .	1
given our current position , and maximum hyperdrive speed , ..it 's gon na take us 125 years to get back .	in light of our present position and the maximum speed of the hypermotor , the journey will take us 125 years .	1
in the case of fat derivatives for uses outside the feed chain for farmed animals :	in the case of fatty derivatives for use outside the feed chain for livestock : category 1 materials referred to in article 8 ( a ) :	1
just a run-in with a nasty client .	contacting % s	0
you were real sure there was gon na be money on that armoured truck .	you also said there was money in the armored truck .	1
'i did n't expect mrs potter to last long .	i 'll tell the cops everything you want , please !	0
you 're gon na need to ride with them , or you wo n't get far .	you 'll have to go with them , or you wo n't be able to get far .	1
de soya keys the private channel to his dropship pilot .	de soya gives a private channel to the pilot of his module .	1
that explains how they were able to get around my position - and capture our sailboat .	that explains how they could have gotten around me and seized our sailboat .	1
who knew a trip to the cemetery would be such a downer ? sorry .	that 's not going to happen .	0
`` when we get out of this—if we get out of it—i think i 'll take to my bed for a month , '' he said .	`` when we get out of it - if we get out of it - i wo n't be out of bed for about a month . ''	1
you fail , we 'll get fired .	if you do n't succeed , we 'll be fired .	1
along with esterhuyse ?	i mean , i ca n't let you in here and pretend it did n't happen !	0
they were symbols ... carved out of stone or ... pieces of wood .	they were built in 500 b.c . it was symbols , etched into rocks , or wood .	1
it 'll wear off . you 'll be married to a man you hate with a bunch of little assholes running around !	it 's gon na wear off , you 're gon na be married to him , and he 's gon na run around running these fucking little assholes !	1
ok. i 'm gon na sit right here ... and i 'm gon na wait for you to come to me .	i 'll sit here and wait for you to come to my house .	1
download at most	download complete	1
you can not manage , mama .	but today i can say that i would rather die than live like a machine .	0
chapter 7 clearing and settlement for single day-ahead and intraday coupling article 68 clearing and settlement 1 .	but i was betrayed by one of my crew .	0
señora doña sofía wants to see .	he wants to see mrs. sofía .	1
it seems they want to get rid of the tracy problem as much as you .	they want to get rid of tracy as much as you do .	1
we 'll get it done .	it 'll be done .	1
you 're a neat girl .	someone must somehow catch him .	0
my milky lens has popped out !	that 's how you swing the bat .	0
it only heightened my fascination for her .	that 's what enhanced my fascination for her .	1
he pointed at my foot .	let 's ask the kids : who 's the biggest champion in shutka ?	0
call if you forget something ... ... or want to know where something is , or whatever ... .	if you had forgotten something , or wanted to know where he was ...	1
yes , hello ? it this the fire department ?	hello , is that a fire station ?	1
there 's your first clue , sherlock !	it 's become a habit , does n't it ?	0
just you leave him alone ! ”	it is not easy to have to violate a key security rule , but the nation 's security is superior to such rules .	0
we ’ ll get a cot by tomorrow , she promised him .	the other : `` the word of god .	0
you 're not gettin ' it .	you wo n't get it .	1
my baby .	`` i 'll never be rid of that again , '' replied helen quietly .	0
i only deal with the best .	by the time you find a better job , you can be at home and take care of the house .	0
we 'll give him every chance to talk .	my kids have been bugging me about it all day .	0
carl , leave him alone .	carl , let him be .	1
i wish i had known you were coming for a fitting .	i wish i knew you were coming to the exam .	1
the archchancellor had let him choose it himself .	archchancellor rumple allowed him to choose one himself .	1
article 2 configurations of the council , role of the general affairs and external relations council and programming 1 .	article 2 miscellaneous composition of the council , role of the council in the composition of general matters and external relations , planning work 1 .	1
i mean no .	no .	1
well , try to imagine if syphilis did it with cancer and got full-blown aids .	imagine if syphilis would do with cancers and asides .	1
halleck felt his heart begin to hammer .	halleck felt his heart pounding .	1
what , are you out of your mind ? .	do n't i get stubborn ?	0
that 's a real thing !	it 's real !	1
where did you get this stuff ?	and sacrificing it at a full moon is okay ?	0
but in the middle of september , cold weather was a distant dream .	come on !	0
another possible indicator would be the leading firm concentration ratio , which sums up the individual market shares of the leading competitors ( 23 ) .	you look at world class , athletes at the top of their game . -	0
nothing makes beer taste better ... ... than cool clear rocky mountain spring water .	nothing makes beer better than chilled translucent water from the top of the rocky mountains .	1
and that was april 13th 2004	long trip ?	0
便是这痛苦让你 and is it this affliction that sees you roaming 骑马夜游么 at night on horseback ?	as he rode through cahueng 's pass , he turned west on the venturian highway and then north on the sandigan highway .	0
after all , something might have happened to her .	`` no , i did n't .	0
the weapon itself is ...	and if she survives , if she survives , i 'll tie you up , so she can drink your eyes .	0
are you here about pede again ?	it 's a terrible truth .	0
i 'm glad he thinks i listen to mama .	that he can awaken the human spirit enough to gain almost supernatural power ?	0
is everything ok ?	all right ?	1
my dad had another incident and , um ...	my dad had another episode .	1
like it ?	well ... do you like it ?	1
i am quite happy chatting out here with rose .	i do n't feel my hands .	0
'it takes no great intellect to ring a bell , ' sneered ren tang .	'ring a bell does n't require much intelligence , 'zen tang sneered .	1
oh , wait , that did n't work .	it 's a joke .	0
what i want you to do right now is write down five triggers that could lead to your relapse , that could jeopardize your recovery .	without protective clothing ?	0
`` 'where is she ? ' i demanded .	we will work together to regenerate our struggling planet .	0
her face turned white , she drew in her breath through her teeth like a savage .	did you see posters of glass slipper in town ?	0
it 's really good you got here when you did .	it 's really good that you came here right now .	1
i thought she was madonna .	now try to enjoy yourself .	0
my father wanted me to take over the family chemist 's .	the commission 's rapid response and pragmatic approach have contributed to the fact that there were no significant financial institutions located in the eu .	0
“ more new technology , ” ted said .	`` new technology again , '' ted said .	1
13 - allow inbound timestamp request .	sex is natural , right ?	0
the others would be finished with dinner very soon ; he did n't want to go near the mess hall .	his dinner would be over in a minute , but he did n't want to walk past the dining room to meet the others .	1
bye , rock !	hello , rocky !	1
but he did n't read the flier !	but he did n't read the leaflet !	1
just like your old lady ?	like your old one ?	1
so how 'd your conference go with gordon ?	you brought work home again , did you , charlie ?	0
after an imprisonment which has lasted since he left baku—that is to say , about sixty hours—he has earned ten minutes of freedom .	`` well , yes . ''	0
hugh said quietly , `` duke , if we get out of this , i promise you a beating . ''	the main mole of zinovi thanked golembba today , saying : `` what a great idea , write into a commission of a familiar writer . ''	0
when did you stop liking candy canes ?	when did you stop liking sweet sticks ?	1
in these parts of our website you can find actual offer of cars for sale ( czech only ) .	in these parts of our pages , you will always find the actual supply of vehicles for immediate sale .	1
i did it !	i got her !	1
i got people will say you told them you had plans to spit on cassie flood 's grave .	i tried .	0
'cause you people know how to party .	because these people know how to party .	1
how cool would that be ?	would n't that be cool ?	1
this is n't working out how we hoped .	just a minute .	0
but the guards ended up calling him shit boy .	the guards started calling him `` shit boy . ''	1
what the hell happened ? i hate detours .	we will allow you the affidavit if that is sufficient .	0
it pulled up while i was building the fire .	she came when i made the fire .	1
i love you ... ... and i am not in conflict about it .	i love you .	1
okay , prince goody-two-webs .	you say it like he belongs to you .	0
oh , my god ! go , go , go !	for god 's sake , go !	1
sayre leaned down to her , close enough so she could smell his cologne .	so you can explain how you say an earthman could have entered the space city , reach out to his victim , kill her and leave .	0
no . by that time i will be long gone .	he told me to leave .	0
is n't this a bit much for her first day ' ?	`` communication embargo , '' floyd said flatly .	0
who should we tell ?	well , now i have a new favourite ... ... lebanese .	0
and then broke the bed . tyler :	`` i ... i know ... '' she said gently , though her throat was hoarse from screaming .	0
then he did it in istanbul in 1973 .	later this happened in istanbul in 1973 .	1
is why the world 's oldest .	the commissioners were satisfied .	0
at least your daddy got paid when he hit the floor .	maybe you were the first one at the crime scene , and you gave washington help .	0
'cause for one of 'em i got a pretty good excuse .	it 's not enough !	0
my wife finds it too gloomy . i find it rather bracing .	my wife looks bleak , and i find it refreshing .	1
or perhaps not . sometimes you 'd never know he was ...	sometimes you would n't even know he was ...	1
to paraphrase a famous line from tolstoy , those loyal to their country are faithful in the same way .	check the result .	0
`` why does my baby do this to me when we could be in love ? ''	`` why did you do this to me when i loved you ? ''	1
why do you need the gu family book ?	why do you want to find the gu family ?	1
and i 'll give you my card .	and i have a card .	1
`` oh , '' said hazel , `` they reacted just about the way the grownups did .	`` oh , just like grown-ups , '' said hazel .	1
half a guinea if you do it in twenty minutes ! '	if you pull this in 20 minutes , you 'll get half a guineas .	1
i had n't thought of it . i 've never written a screenplay before .	i wanted cheeseburgers and onion rings .	0
they knew a tyrant 's scheming when they saw it .	it 's okay when he 's older , he 'll replace me .	0
you 're gon na miss your bus .	`` sometimes eléni will confuse you . ''	0
miss rowley came and fought for you today , no doubt .	i 'm sure miss rowley fought for you today .	1
'they were damned lucky to get out , ' greer agreed .	we ca n't help ava .	0
now we have a number of these god awful things at our disposal and we will not hesitate to use them if necessary .	rachel 's not coming out of the house .	0
`` i imagine so . ''	oh , he 's a man of a man .	0
so we will start off with some erotic massage and some-	'what else ? 'said frodo .	0
i know he stole it , but she really did n't do anything .	i know he stole it from me , but she ca n't fault it .	1
you have a tape i could listen you ?	do you have a tape or something i could hear ?	1
you go to the c.i.a . and tell helmsthat hunt is blackmailing the president .	it 's useful , is n't it ?	0
how much do you know about dyson ?	what do you know about dyson ?	1
table position > * 2013 et seq for payments ( b ) technical and administrative assistance and support expenditure ( see point 6.1.2 )	even the most experienced chefs can burn themselves when they 're not careful .	0
he 's one of the few public officials in america who openly supports a plant-based diet .	and janet blake , your father-in-law does n't like your picture .	0
it 's er , £30 . £30 ?	seriously , i knew this day would come , i just did n't know it would be on the day i got so horny .	0
`` let us get down to the docks . ''	i know where it is .	0
your bet , moe .	you want to bet , moe ?	1
first , john , ben and i ride down to trujillo .	john , ben and i are going to trujillo .	1
commander lundberg is quite correct about the state of our missile supply -- we mst-both restrict our expenditures and safeguard our existing supplies .	especially with such fine breasts , like yours .	0
did professor brand tell you that poem before you left ?	like the penguin in a sandstorm .	0
the doves i ordered for the wedding came , and they 're all dead !	after nikki 's respiratory therapy , angela listened to her once more .	0
what does trantor mean to you ? ''	yes , and zek pees , zek ... pies pies .	0
is there any place that we could go talk ?	here .	0
it stays in the system up to 48 hours .	he 's in circulation for 48 hours .	1
it 's maria .	it 's maria 's fault .	1
asuka , you said it 's been fourteen years , but nothing about you has changed apart from the eyepatch .	this crisis highlighted the need for stronger economic governance and financial regulation at eu level .	0
what do you think you 're doing ?	what are you trying to do ?	1
if you ask it of me ... ... l will give you the one ring .	i 'll give you the ring .	1
it 's a tragedy what happened .	it 's terrible what happened to her .	1
and nothing ... is happening ... to me .	and nothing is going on .	1
and then she slapped the principal , who happens to be , get this , an indonesian transgender woman .	and then she slapped the headmistress , who , by the way , is an indonesian transgender .	1
the big question now is where is this guy gon na strike next ?	you can do it , marmy .	0
guess whatever he 's working on . he must like it .	whatever he does , he likes it .	1
do n't mind me , i 'm just finishing up my will , then i 'm gone .	i 'm sorry , i 'll just finish my will , and i 'm gone .	1
rast ... see what he can do .	you only have a chinese sword and a bunch of juggling idiots .	0
hey , you okay ?	you all right , teddy ?	1
'i got to get a new tyre , ' he said .	he 's done his homework .	0
lace !	i have someone now .	0
the craft is now in visual range .	maybe it 'll be better .	0
they do n't spend time jockeying for power .	get him some tea and stuff .	0
relax , ma .	650,00 kc	0
picking your teeth with a parking citation is not the same as flossing .	oh !	0
or did darwin and minerva mayflower ? ca n't we just go back to the kissing part ?	or darwin and minerva mayflower ?	1
diablo , let 's get out ...	diablo , let 's go .	1
and just plain filthy .	and only dirty .	1
the return to reality was rude indeed .	they survived the battle .	0
and if it survives , if it survives ... ... i 'll tie you up , and letthe cat scratch out your eyes .	i 'm here .	0
so it all comes down to putin , who enjoys a degree of autonomy in kremlin decision-making not seen since the stalin era .	the whole thing is just on putin , who enjoys a degree of autonomy in the kremlin , which he has n't repeated since stalin 's era .	1
not in the plans !	it was n't planned !	1
i did n't let them kill him .	well , that 's shit .	0
in this first test stage , the number of cycles of dynamic load variations shall be 6 × 10 6 .	in the first part of the test , the number of cycles of change cycles is 6x10 6 .	1
court says you 're one-niners first .	he wo n't hurt you .	0
a painting of you shortly before the kidnapping .	this is your portrait shortly before your abduction .	1
hey , hey , look , you , you really want to know what it 's like to live in the shoes of wade kinsella , hmm ?	hey , hey , do you really want to know what it 's like to be in wadea kinsella 's shoes ?	1
oh , man , i do n't like officers .	god , i hate officers .	1
it was in her favourite handbag .	they were in her purse .	1
if you really feel like he 's being , you know , derisive with the laughter , you should call him on it .	if you really feel like he 's mocking you , you should tell him .	1
her cousin will pick her up in lowa and take her to asylum .	her cousin picks her up in lowa and takes her to a mental institution .	1
it paid to listen intently .	paid for listening .	1
you or i ... somebody has to do it	you or me , someone has to .	1
i dared you first .	look , the thing is , most of what we eat comes from delicious animals .	0
should i pop smoke ?	member % s did not have an instance .	0
and he turned the other way to watch the progress of the fight .	did n't you want this ?	0
the chicken à la king ?	come on , let 's get out of here .	0
its shape was too complex now .	what are you doing up here ?	0
whenever they felt they were going too fast , . a tightened grip on the handrail provided all the braking that was necessary .	whenever they felt they were moving too quickly , they tightened their grip on the rail and slowed as much as they needed .	1
i put together some past quotes so you would n't have to bother with it .	i pulled some earlier quotes so you would n't have to deal with it .	1
i 'll be a second .	it 'll be a minute .	1
we hope you will be interested in this offer and we look forward to our future cooperation .	we believe that this action has taken you and we look forward to our further cooperation .	1
he fought , struggled to breathe .	unfortunately he returned to the pastoral tradition and the false sentiment of that stupid idea added to his other eccentricities .	0
i wanted everything back to the way it was for amy ... ... but you 're not interested in love .	we 'll help the world with global warming that has n't happened yet , so we can stop him .	0
i got up , put on my scout uniform and my ship suit over it .	as regards pork , prices were relatively positive in 2006 , but the fall in the fall was significantly increased in the autumn .	0
okay , windmark is not going to read you because we 're going to come and get you .	so he was in the house and outside when he threw away the nanny 's body .	0
p cases all tsi categories of line — clause ( 2 ) ( f ) ( 2 ) ( f )	( f )	1
it 's just a matter of a few dates and some paperwork .	it 's a question couple of meetings and a little paperwork .	1
foot is on the floor .	my leg is on the floor .	1
some hope to find it once they 've defeated the competition .	some will be hoping to find him once he defeats his competition .	1
what happened ? austin was talking ,	what happened ?	1
really ? - yeah , industry secret .	business secret .	1
this geezer is a bloody joke .	this guy is one big joke .	1
hey . y'all want some whiskey ?	you must define an event key in order to ensure the correct allocation of an instance of an event for comparison .	0
operational management 7 2.8 .	i could have sold him at least for parts , but he kept it .	0
the public was told that it was a gas main explosion , which , technically , is the truth .	it said it was an explosion of gas extraction , which is basically true .	1
therefore the use of diovan comp during breast feeding is not recommended .	therefore , diovan comp is not recommended during lactation .	1
this is , uhâ these guys are my band .	`` the magic is different . ''	0
although i defeated them , i was expelled because i left my place on the side of my lord to fight the attackers .	the only thing we need to fear is fear alone . the enemy of my enemy is my friend .	0
well ... perhaps ... you did win your bet , did n't you you gentleman , you fine gentleman .	well ... maybe ... ... you took our bet ... ... you 're a gentleman , a real gentleman .	1
local conditions and stages of development ,	conditions and stage of development	1
shane : oh , shit .	oh , shit .	1
we were talking about that big giraffe you picked last year .	those closest to hitler will try to regroup , and we 'll get the needed power to control berlin .	0
it 's utterly beautiful .	it 's so beautiful .	1
it 's hard to imagine how it could have been transported here .	i 'll leave you alone and see what happens .	0
well , you 're not paying me to eat as many french fries as i can before the plate leaves the kitchen , but i do that too .	dude , the whole fucking thing .	0
do n't try nothing .	arthur was the kind of king they hoped for , alongside his queen .	0
to the left of alvin sat another man , tall and lanky .	it 's important that you listen to me .	0
choose a group of people . listen to their conversation .	pick a group of people and listen to what they 're talking about .	1
nice to see you as well .	you succeeded in destroying my relationship , the only thing in the world i cared about .	0
`` holger carlsen , '' he answered absently .	'holger carlsen , 'he said absently .	1
'a few years later he found another spotter , but in very peculiar circumstances .	he discovered another search engine a few years later , but under very peculiar circumstances .	1
`` eéements of the 321st and 35th '' ?	do you have any advice for people like me who are on a diet year by year , never even a kilo ?	0
she has n't moved , yes .	yes , she moved again .	1
i know you ’ ll have it . ”	let me stay here for another week .	0
`` they work for tremont and associates .	i tried to appeal to his better side .	0
do you ever come across a saint maureen ?	i 'm talking to girls who ate the notebook of one love .	0
he 's kind of a strong fat .	we 'll take you to the presidential palace immediately , so we 'll be able to issue a statement when the votes are counted .	0
“ you ’ d die very quickly .	he sings like a seal .	0
oh , it 's not what it looks like ?	i love you more than you can imagine .	0
with a `` yes '' box , `` no '' box , and a `` maybe '' box .	`` will you come out with me ? '' square `` a '' , `` no , '' and `` maybe . ''	1
encrypt whenever encryption is possible	encrypt at any time	1
after that it 's your family ... ... and the pigs finishwhat the dogs do n't do .	we 'll all have to go .	0
'not only did i not send in that evaluation report , but i also let you get me back under surveillance .	yeah , he 's out there chasing talyn .	0
cornelia , your husband was a fine roman .	cornelia , your husband was a great thinker .	1
perhaps this thing was confused , or its instructions were n't getting through .	we have no idea where to begin .	0
oh , yes .	yes , bring it .	1
there was more than one bad night .	how much do you want for the world 's most famous divorce lawyer ?	0
trim , muscular , pleasantly plump . ''	none of those parties requested a hearing , nor did it in principle dispute the factual accuracy of the facts set out in the statement of objections .	0
utopia windows exit	the utopia - end of windows	1
( narrator ) but a chosen few will succeed .	but a couple of chosen ones will succeed .	1
known as solvency ii , it requires insurance companies to hold enough financial resources .	this directive is also referred to as solvency ii and requires insurance undertakings to hold sufficient funds .	1
like a square , but not a square .	i want you to show a base gauge on that screen , such as a square , but not a square .	1
but then you 'll never see him again .	do you know how many random tips the police get ?	0
`` yes , '' nirovsky replied .	`` matron malice does n't want us to be among the last ! ''	0
a tattoo .	their return to the daroth will be reconsidering their plans. ``	0
40 . ( 10 ) oj l 64 , 12.3.1999 , p .	[ 10 ] oj l 64 , 12.3.1999 , p .	1
can you at least tell me how it happened ?	i better get out of town .	0
that would have been sacrilege .	that would amount to a sacrilege .	1
i 'm told .	describe yield code	0
if that does n't say `` country club approved , '' i do n't know what does .	if this does n't fit the country club , i do n't really know what .	1
sorry , miss birdie . i got to take a break . my back 's killing me .	if i die , the next one will take my place .	0
they have retreated to the upper town .	they retreated to a higher level of the city .	1
but sacrificing her under the full moon is okay ?	it 's better if we bring you back to the hospital .	0
yeah . yes . yes , i 'm admiral ackbar .	yes , yes , it 's me , admiral ackbar .	1
poets read while the rest of us followed along on our copies .	this is my friend mocha .	0
just come .	come on .	1
why should anyone appraise our property ? .	why do you want to estimate our assets ?	1
there is a package for you .	you have the package .	1
'you have suffered of late , have n't you ? '	`` so you 've suffered lately , have n't you ? ''	1
`` that 's a soviet asat-bird , seventy-three nautical miles behind one of ours . ''	`` it 's a soviet-armed missile , he 's found seventy-three nautical miles from one of our satellites .	1
that 's it . listen , whatever the hell it is , it 's pretty damn close , sal .	they 're good , are n't they ?	0
there is not enough wood to build a pyre .	we do n't have enough wood for a funeral pyre .	1
he glanced at the tray .	or not for you ?	0
that 's right , motherfucker .	55 the applicants `` argument can not be accepted in any event .	0
oh , yes ( ! )	ah , yes .	1
tonight you go ?	it was from behind .	0
she had a restraing order a few months back .	but they 're my inspiration , my muse .	0
i 'm going to go throw up on something now .	as your lawyer , i suggest you go to tropicana .	0
hi .	hi , i 'm angela .	1
my god , woman . it 's been a thousand years and yet you are as aggravating and emasculating as ever you were .	oh my god , it 's been nearly a thousand years , and you 're still as bad as you were .	1
for changing his daughter 's mind .	bitch .	0
why come here tonight ?	why did you come today ?	1
( 8 ) oj l 332 , 28.12.2000 , p. 1 . ( 9 ) oj l 297 , 15.11.2001 , p. 7 .	you just do n't know it , that 's all .	0
do n't you fucking touch her , wheeler , i swear to fucking god !	he took off her oxygen mask to really see her .	0
it could be a moonor a large asteroid .	they wait .	0
i was gon na do it , but there was a security breach .	as the wind came to the top of the mountain , simon saw that something moved and something blue flickered across the brown background of the clouds .	0
then her ears began to resolve another sound : men shouting , `` sha !	do n't be afraid .	0
mike , i 'm a nervous wreck .	you 're not going to call hannah if she can join us ?	0
if i sleep i 'm done for ...	it 's even more funny when you explain it , sheldon .	0
`` they 're doing okay , '' tony had answered , adding , `` you know , the divorce rate among jumpers is darn near 100 percent . ''	i mentioned this to a couple at the station , where you were attacked in a parking lot at my restaurant .	0
lastly , a premium of 0,3 % was added to allow for the failure to issue voting rights .	she had a restraining order a couple of months ago .	0
and they did it in many cases for half the fee .	and in many cases , they made it half cheaper .	1
all right . we 'll be in the community center .	so , yes , you 're the idiot that we 're stuck for !	0
i 'm going to a party on saturday and i 'm sleeping at jeffrey 's .	i 'm sleeping over at jeffrey 's .	1
i could n't remember how you take your tea so i just got you four different options , just to be safe .	i could n't remember how you were drinking tea , so i brought you everything for sure .	1
by the time i came clean to the pretty cartwright , the evan train had already left the station .	before i knew the slimy cartwright , a train named evan had already left the station .	1
put liberace on .	`` boy , can you tame the beast ? ''	0
maybe ,	maybe .	1
cursed because i saw things other little girls did n't .	i 've seen things that other girls ca n't see .	1
“ geverifieerd milieuzorgsysteem ”	`` geverifieerd milieuzorgsysteem ''	1
now , i would have moved you , but i did n't want to wake you .	i wanted to turn you around , but i did n't mean to wake you up .	1
whom most people call leo , but he also answers to lee .	i do n't know .	0
or before that , how jealous she got about me - and my ex-wife .	chocolate sauce !	0
the objectives of regulation no 1768/92 and the paediatric regulation call , in my opinion , for an affirmative answer to the question referred .	we will defeat the germans by their own game of paperwork .	0
well , that was sergeant rowley acting on his own .	a lesbian and a computer nut .	0
i 'd like to order something strong .	i 'd like something stronger .	1
kariboe ... thats somekind of deer .	kariboe ... ... deer .	1
no sign of the wife yet .	no mention of his wife .	1
some black holes may be collapsed cores of very massive stars ... ... with gravity so powerfil not even light can escape them .	i do n't know who canceled barry .	0
get out the fuckin ' way !	we already have .	0
yeah , mr. white , you ready ?	and in half an hour , you would have signed a confession .	0
she ’ s well , thank you .	she 's fine , thank you .	1
oh ... i could n't believe the day , when it finally happened .	i could n't believe it had finally happened	1
general precautions	general measures	1
today is my day !	he 's never gon na breathe again .	0
churchill schwartz is .	no , churchill schwartz .	1
the stuff they found in the car just fit in with what they believed had happened , so they did n't chase any ofit up .	well , we could meet some other time .	0
they made it sound so easy .	he works in the third .	0
they must be giving you a ship of your own .	these people are not street children that intimidate small traders .	0
let me go to the movies with you .	let me go with you .	1
i knew what was in that statue . it does n't mean i needed it .	he killed one man , gunn-laugrathorrfinnsson , pierced the back of his kidney as viking threw himself at von richthofen .	0
it 's a minooka tires model that has n't yet been commercially released .	it 's a minooka model that 's still not sold .	1
number of minutes before timeout occurs and safe is locked	number of minutes before oi sejf is locked	1
( man ) mayday !	vodka .	0
otherwise , even the pieces find a way to rejoin and they grow stronger by the minute .	otherwise , the pieces will come together again , and they are a minute away from the minute stronger .	1
i know you 've got to work tomorrow .	i know you have a job this morning .	1
my mother wore something like that once . - very funny .	for the interests of cerberus , it was essential that all meetings about strategic planning took place under strict secrecy .	0
the temple convulsed , squatted down , and got brown and gray , a beast of fieldstone and thatch .	meanwhile , the streets had calmed down a bit .	0
until you either do not go or go to wil wheaton 's party ... ... you are simultaneously my friend and not my friend .	you 're not my friend .	1
i 'm gon na look fucking ridiculous , are n't i ?	i 'd look ridiculous .	1
the right hand clenched .	an insurance agent comes in with a bag of dollars and you go home .	0
bet the bureau 's accusing you of the same thing in dallas .	come on , do n't go to the hotel .	0
i 'm gon na shift the features on your face if you do n't shut up !	maybe they want to learn to dance or play .	0
i never said i was a good buddhist .	i did n't say i was a real buddhist .	1
okay , shifting back to what the people pay us for .	all right , let 's get back to what people pay us .	1
it 's happened to me all the time .	it happens all the time .	1
we got to be at my dad 's soon .	freedom of the press must not be touched .	0
get the lights for me , would you ?	will you turn the lights off ?	1
i 've not had a lot of time ...	i 've had plenty of time .	1
i ca n't take that shit .	i 'm gon na go study with cannon .	0
why did n't you just say so ?	why did n't you tell him before ?	1
somehow i get the lucky feeling i should go with my instincts .	if you 're not busy , clean it up !	0
michael myers .	'shall i go all the way to the bridge ? 'melanie asked .	0
that 's it ! but , ma , that seems very harsh .	but that does n't mean i do n't want to try .	0
sensor bandwidth issues .	in 2009 , the ecb decided not to take a controversial step , not to report that greece was not illiquid , but insolvent .	0
in the center lay the body of sturm brightblade .	in the middle of it lay sturm brightblade .	1
this option controls whether moves in the game list window are shown in different colours depending on their analysis	this option sets whether the moves in the tabs window are displayed in different colors as they result in their analysis .	1
you know who i am .	none of the ppg 's pre-listed addresses are on pg 's list .	0
gangsta	a substantial share of shares were tied to that agreement with pakistan .	0
a small group of base personnel gathered nearby . . . perhaps to escape laroque 's persistent questioning .	there was a small group of base personnel nearby ... to escape la-roque 's insistence .	1
raptiva should be discontinued if a malignancy develops while the patient is on treatment ( see sections 4.3 and 4.8 ) .	he initially had three or four communications satellites .	0
there was a remote possibility that the comet was on a path that could bring it into direct contact with the earth .	he whispered desperately .	0
what , with air champagne ?	with what , with an eerie champagne ?	1
why would i try to stealsomething from you that i pushed you to do ?	why would i have to take that for you when i put you on my own ?	1
share a bit of dinner ?	would we share our dinner ?	1
here , give me some of those .	third of all good luck .	0
being awesome .	- `` all-weather '' education and career development .	0
threadingmodel value has changed	she is a lawyer in matters of immigration .	0
you know , i 've been so busy selling joel on bluebell , that i 've neglected to sell bluebell on joel !	but where does he come from ?	0
it 's due to the fog .	it makes fog .	1
oh , this new highly flammable thing ?	oh , you mean this new highly flammable ensemble ?	1
it 's not personal . lt 's only business .	it 's just business .	1
garet jax shifted from the crouch , gray eyes so cold that stythys ' arm tightened further about jair .	enjoy the loot !	0
oh , yes , minnie and moe . - kept them .	scenario .	0
`` shes been here before ? ''	so who 's playing first ?	0
how is the deal gon na go down ?	roderick brody is paying for it .	0
will they get it back ?	can we get him back ?	1
i do n't think i can sit in the saddle much longer— '	is your brother coming here ?	0
learning to separate my feelings from my life ... counting on nothing .	article 33 information concerning accounting , caution and statistics : surveillance powers 84 / 641 / eec article 11 ( adapted )	0
we 're here to decide whether he 's innocent or guilty ... not to go into the reasons why he grew up the way he did .	he did n't make it .	0
i do n't know . i guess after my accident .	well , you should n't break the law if it helps .	0
those cases ... are they what you 're looking for ?	those files ... are you looking ?	1
keep their deleted state	keep foreign status deleted	1
do you want to be my 10:30 ?	see what i have to deal with ?	0
look at him	look at him .	1
no , that 's not the way i meant it .	chew it up before you swallow it !	0
no , it 's just barrett claimed that he had no reason to kill susan since she was being remarried soon .	i like being stuck in my butt .	0
i seek the llano .	i 'll do what i can .	0
`` phil , please . ''	`` call me philip , please . ''	1
it 's cheaper than cigarettes , and it certainly beats this .	they 're cheaper than cigarettes .	1
hey , i only came here because you said it was a matter of life and death .	i only go because he says it 's a matter of life and death .	1
joe , i never meant to -- 'pon my soul and honor , i never meant to , joe .	there 's a parade going on broadway .	0
is that okay ?	in the most unusual places .	0
they got drugs for that .	i lied .	0
`` so why whisper ? ''	i 'm not afraid to die .	0
you 're actually having an affair off set .	i 'm sure he went looking for some nice mud hole to freshen up .	0
finally , we 're alone together .	hang on ...	0
and for a little rodent .	or a rodent .	1
do we make him drive us to get tampons ?	there 's nothing going to save you .	0
so it 's not possible he 's remembering ?	ca n't you remember ?	1
no . that 's exactly it .	right-click the folder and select the properties command .	0
do not misunderstand me .	do n't get me wrong .	1
let me protect you forget it !	let me protect you .	1
they 're freaking out .	according to the dna , it 's an unknown woman .	0
the problem arises when directors do not realise that their business is at risk .	the problem occurs when the leadership is unaware that the business is threatened .	1
why ? because .	`` why ? ''	1
keep shooting , you cunt .	he kept waving it in my face , again and again .	0
the computer 's being fixed . sorry .	the computers are in repair , i 'm sorry .	1
mona .	dwight schrute , top seller , beet growers .	0
i wo n't . look , i know this is n't exactly the ... happy ending you envisioned for you and jack .	for five days , their only company was the birds .	0
| neva masquerade	dsc _ 0535 | neva masquerade	1
reading another ship in orbit .	210. average volume of trades ;	0
when i was a little kid , i thought that 's how men and women behaved toward each other .	as a kid , i thought men and women were acting .	1
abby is ... ? my receptionist .	exactly .	0
hey , pal , my housekeeper forgot her ticket .	my maid lost her ticket .	1
most importantly , you bought us some time . and now i got a name .	someone once saw an old man	0
oh pinocchio , we'lldo so many fun things together ,	oh pinocchio , we 're gon na do a lot of fun things together , like playing .	1
i did n't mean to piss you off this afternoon .	i did n't mean to offend you this afternoon .	1
i think everything 's okay .	i 'll never understand .	0
or johnny .	i want my life to stop just sailing .	0
you know , it 's just about seeing the family .	you know , the thing is , i want to see my family .	1
more cave .	cave !	1
hurry ! it 's coming !	i 've already said that my dream is to do it with a pregnant woman .	0
he took the second , pulled in a deep , settling breath , and threw .	furthermore , there is an extensive trade between member states in a car market in which a psa is an important participant .	0
i 'm such an asshole .	what an asshole .	1
that 's usually when the ground falls out from underneath your feet .	he usually drops the ground under his feet .	1
he was n't too sure himself , if it came to it .	when he found out , he was n't too sure .	1
for organisations holding one or several c and/or d ratings , every rating shall be charged the ‘ c rating ’ fee .	i have a ring .	0
but i 'd like to know ...	i mean , why ?	0
v – submissions of the parties a – the first question 31 .	v - arguments of the parties a - the first question 31 .	1
well , i 've never been more embarrassed in my entire life .	i 've never experienced a bigger travesty in my life .	1
unless you want to stay here all night and not be able to turn in your work tomorrow .	virgin mary , mother of jesus ,	0
and then she sleeps until 7 a.m .	you okay ?	0
the development of pepper-growing has thus helped maintain these traditional , mixed crop and livestock farms .	shut up , i pulled the barbecue instead .	0
how do welink him to the money ?	they 'll ignore us if they do n't consider us dangerous .	0
it 's no big deal -- you do n't have to say it .	you do n't have to say it .	1
it ’ s time the truth came out .	no , you ca n't .	0
it is therefore only for the sake of completeness that i shall examine the point briefly .	for us there is no protection or rest , not a shrine to go to .	0
munsey hardly even knew the guy .	you 're okay with that ?	0
oh ! fuck !	i was just looking for you .	0
are you ready to sign ?	will you sign ?	1
butler only killed to divert us from real murder still to come .	alstom and siemens have an extremely good position in terms of high-tech products .	0
how you doing ?	the whole process	0
you should go on that date you were talking about .	you should go on that date .	1
`` monica , when i look back over our time together ... ''	it is difficult to imagine he could ever be transported from here .	0
why are n't we using your grandmother 's tablecloth ?	if it 's a dinner party , why do n't we cut the tablecloth for your grandma ?	1
do you not wish to see the work of the lord fulfilled ? '	you do n't want to help fulfill the work of the lord ? ``	1
do n't drink the lemonade , he put something in it .	do n't drink the kool-aid .	1
ten heartbeats .	ten strokes of the heart .	1
her problem , my fault .	michael , do n't play .	0
but you screwed the pastry .	but you screwed up the dough .	1
i 'm turning things around . all right , so i just driveup the street , and then i look at youand some girl .	okay , so i 'm gon na come down the street and then i 'm gon na look at you and some girl .	1
well , i 'm getting really bored and it 's giving me time to think .	and so ... ... it is up to me to reintroduce you to count monte cristo .	0
the thing 's more trouble than it 's worth .	there was more trouble than he was worth .	1
we 're on chapter five .	well , that 's exactly the stance we 're fighting against .	0
as darkness fell , they reached a cheery-looking building with a large stabling yard on the right .	`` okay , '' i said .	0
varinius is admired within the senate .	varinius is very popular in the senate .	1
d'argo took his son on an excursion .	d'argo took his ' son 'on the road .	1
detailed information about transporting pets to the uk ( and other european countries ) is available at :	for detailed information on the import of pets to the uk ( including other european countries ) , visit :	1
you got ta be fucking kidding me . ... to admit the errors -- or worse -- of those long out of office .	you 've got to be kidding me ... . admit catchphrases ... or want -- those who 've been out of office long ago .	1
alim 's a great cook .	ali is a great cook .	1
but weaver 's orders were for us to go scout pharmacies and hospitals .	but weaver wants us to look for pharmacies and hospitals .	1
i missed the second act of die landstreicher because of you .	i 'm stitched up for your second act from die landstreicher .	1
oh , i think we both know what 's gon na happen to fido .	i 'm just begging you for leniency .	0
they do train us to take advantage of the enemy 's weakness .	but they trained us so we could exploit the enemy 's weakness .	1
n-no , i mean , howard 's doing real good .	oh , no , i mean , howard is doing okay .	1
november '85 was the last time denis took part in a race .	in november 1985 , dennis had last attended the races .	1
damon took talley ’ s arm , shepherded him through .	damon took talley by the arm and shot him out .	1
into seemingly horrible situations	there 's a song jeon moo from haeju group .	0
yeah , gone .	yeah , away .	1
should n't we rather return to the village immediately ?	1 % - why .	0
man , you know her show 's gon na bite .	dude , you know her show is gon na suck .	1
but i still know best what they need .	still , i know what they need .	1
we 're gon na live , eli .	we 'll survive this , eli .	1
loghu and de greystock were pulled aboard .	loghu and de greystock were on board .	1
guys want one ?	yeah , how else do i make you see your brother ?	0
studies indicate that breast cancer patients whose tumours overexpress her2 have a shortened disease-free survival compared to patients whose tumours do not overexpress her2 .	i 'm a little short .	0
dan does n't care about what 's right or wrong .	dana does n't care if he 's wrong or not .	1
no , you need help , with all your god and your bullshit dreams about me !	that makes us practically a hoopla .	0
oh , we 've got to stop bumping into each other like this .	what , you lost your mind ?	0
what 's inside those eggs is how you 're gon na do it .	you end up in a hole , and that 's what banks wants .	0
cool . $ 5.00 .	great . $ 5 .	1
the community legislation framework on data protection and privacy in europe was designed to be robust in the face of innovation .	the framework of community legislation on data protection and privacy in europe is widely conceived and well prepared for the challenges posed by innovation .	1
some truly disturbing events took place on the other side of those walls .	on the other side of these walls there were some seriously disturbing things .	1
what were you going to say ?	what did you say ?	1
tell him i have nothing to do with this .	there 's money to be paid to bribe customs .	0
if you provoke them , they 'll act on their natural instincts .	if you provoke them , they act instinctively .	1
registered to samuel douglas ... ... head of crisis management , virtanen pharmaceuticals .	three , two , one , zero , hop !	0
salesman : that is only $ 3 .	only three dollars .	1
when the child was a child , it played with enthusiasm ... and now it can only muster it when it concerns its work .	when the baby was still a child , he was playing with enthusiasm , and now he can only work with such a verve .	1
just great - perfect .	`` i have torn muscles ? ''	0
it is not a joke .	this is not fun .	1
now , have you met mr. woofles ?	those conversations they took together on the road .	0
it was broken , he thought in hollow surprise .	i 'm sure the audience will agree .	0
and at the end of that story , there 's ... never a happy ending .	gossip travels fast , does n't it ?	0
colonel nascimento told me to .	regulation as last amended by the 2003 act of accession .	0
come , we both go .	prodej a servis motocyklů a příslušenství .	0
for 100 surge points , i got these shades .	i got these glasses for 100 .	1
but that would probably make you squirt 'cause it 's like-	but that 's probably gon na make you squirrelly , 'cause that 's ...	1
i suppose it 's all the emotion concerning agnes ' death .	i suppose those sentiments are related to the death of agnes .	1
my postgraduate training is in anatomy and physiology ... 神经生理学，神经化学和遗传学。 neurochemistry , neurophysiology and genetics .	if they strike too soon , the whole flock will sink .	0
he wanted to ask her questions , right now , right here , but knew she would n't hear them .	he wanted to ask her a couple of things , right here , now , but he knew she would n't be seeing him .	1
invalid address .	invalid directions .	1
nothing . i got nothing then .	you want to rent a warehouse ?	0
please ... bastard . let me go !	because of them , i 'm on a list .	0
yeah , we 're going to be pulling an all-nighter in the library tonight , 'cause we have a big exam tomorrow .	and can you look like an arab if mahdi 's people found you ?	0
rocky shrugged when sacharissa glanced at him .	when sacharissa looked at rocky , the troll shrugged .	1
did you get the phone back ?	you got my phone ?	1
i want it to stop !	`` we should be deep enough in the woods not to be found by the malloreans - assuming they do n't take it too thoroughly . ''	0
a moment 's ecstasy , a moment 's excuse , time 's so hearless , so what 's the use ?	i do n't know where he picks them out of his shoes .	0
like who gives a shit ?	who wants shit ?	1
just a moment , miss allen .	you 'll see me soon .	0
macro or function that runs before the batched edit is started .	macro or function running before starting batch edit	1
fingers in my coffee mug , cranial cap saucers , hiding my pen down an esophagus .	fingers in a cup of coffee , subtly from the top of the skull , a pen hidden in the oesophagus .	1
mr ... mr gogolak ? my wife would make my life even more miserable than it already is if i did n't at least ask .	i 'm sorry .	0
it 's a trick question , sarah .	that 's a tricky question , sarah .	1
why do n't you relax ? i do n't even roll with dudes like that .	it 's not open .	0
you scared me .	if you need anything , i 'm here .	0
so the next time i 'm staring at death , i can have no regrets .	the referee who was stabbed in the basketball .	0
and so it is left up to me to ... to introduce you ... to the count of monte cristo yet again .	speak your mind .	0
she scanned some pictures from national geographic , put together a website , and e-mailed tom , asking for his help .	she took some pictures from national geographic , put together a webcast and e-mail for tom pleading for help .	1
in the west , the horizon turned scarlet and purple , the glow falling softly across the rain-drenched woodlands .	the western horizon turned scarlet and purple shades , and this glow flowed softly into the woods , drenched with long rains .	1
check the music room .	go to the music lounge .	1
oh man , i told you all not to get f-mobile .	you 'll find out a lot .	0
first , a ground level with no specific program , designed only to supply mass support for an eventual coup .	how did you and jacobson meet ?	0
6.4.2 stakeholders must be certain of the financial envelope of eur 107 million to be allocated as funding or credit .	well , that 's a good thing you 're not asking me .	0
so do some men ... if they 're sure they 're not going to be shot any moment .	that 's what some men do , especially when they 're sure they do n't start shooting at them .	1
cos i 'm thinking , if he 's not , then it 'll look like the trial 's been a waste of time ... .. and resources .	because if we do n't convict him ... ... it 's gon na look like a trial is a waste of time ... and resources .	1
morris snatched his binoculars from the holder and had them to his eyes in an instant .	morris ripped the binoculars out of his bracket and rubbed it to his eyes .	1
well , the creditors get first dibs on everything .	how did you sleep ?	0
when will we solve it ? the fremen asked .	`` when do we settle the problem ? '' the fremen asked .	1
the report confirms that eurid is working on implementation of continuity measures , indicating that the process has not been finalised yet .	it 's £30 .	0
lan ... i 'm , uh , i 'm on the next flight out ,	my skin is not relevant .	0
i wantmy million dollars !	i want my million !	1
and it 's even worse at my dad 's .	it was a mistake to differ because peter was still in your life .	0
the initial findings would seem to indicate that there was a radiation surge from the romulan engine core which disrupted the signal .	the first information seemed to indicate that a wave of radiation from a romulan reactor had somehow compromised their signal .	1
his command of history , philosophy , art , and science , prodigal .	i remember you were quick , very fast , so sloppy , you took my shoulder .	0
amendments 14 : this amendment could not be incorporated as the paragraph to which it relates has been deleted .	amendment 14 :	1
thank you , doug , fascinating introduction .	you son of a bitch !	0
y-you want no fuss , no mess , right ?	you do n't want any fuss , you do n't mess up , do you ?	1
`` howdy , colonel . ''	i do n't have to see this .	0
another mercenary hit man like we met in colorado .	stay in the house !	0
sweets : radical honesty is a controversial notion , recently popularized by an organization called the honesty policy .	strict honesty is a controversial concept , recently sweaty	1
you know what , ma'am ?	in the summer of 1822 , this condition was met and the wedding was held on june 22 in mühlheim .	0
i do n't know why you 're buying a new seat , ford .	i do n't know why you 're buying new whores .	1
if we were to circulate maya 's blood through your system ...	you have acted against the vatican 's orders , you risk execution just so you can get the book of leaves .	0
like yourself .	the gates at the gate were decayed and desolate just as the sagrino was , which was expected .	0
that means painful choices about stopping activities that have a value of their own , but do not add substantial value to core stakeholders .	this means a painful decision to stop activities that are self-contained , but they do not add a substantial value to the underlying vested interests .	1
we both know better .	you broke up with me before you went to med school .	0
frank : henry , your mom is some kind of dancer .	since we do n't have everything to read , so this is going to require a lot of experimentation , mistakes , and dusting .	0
challenge him to a duel .	all personnel on the planet have been called back to the ship as soon as possible .	0
previous snap choice	it is certainly true that the americans have prepared themselves carefully , perhaps too carefully , to secure success .	0
but if you fail to strictly adhere to the rules of his program ... ... you will spend the next year in state prison .	the capital represents , rather , a silent partnership , which is reflected in the amount of the remuneration .	0
chief , what the hell is going on ?	commander , what the fuck is this ?	1
i 'm sure she 'd love to talk to you .	i 'm sure she 'll be happy to talk to you .	1
listen ... ... tell father i 'll be home ... ... but he should n't wait up . no .	carys huddled in a corridor beside her father 's body .	0
my guess is that his friends have had their shots too .	i guess his friends will be the same .	1
' listen to me .	i got out there immediately with ned land and conseil .	0
and he thought hattie is exactly what he wanted to play may talmadge 's sister .	he wanted hattie to play maya 's younger sister .	1
the theatre 's namesake ?	michael , you know how to ... change your bike , do n't you ?	0
if we go now we'il be in london in time for dinner .	now that we 're on our way , we 'll be in london in time for dinner .	1
well , the airlines , sir .	the airline .	1
someone 's trying to uplink a broadcast to the russian network .	we all said dad died of cancer .	0
please , not at dinner .	please do n't eat .	1
`` the boy is too rambunctious , '' aleatha had heard someone say .	the boy is so wild , 'aleatha heard someone say .	1
kadach was a walled town , stiff and grey and rigidly unlovely .	my blade will guide you .	0
i trained there and stayed on , but living so far away was hard . i missed france .	they were silent on the way back to the room where a new pile of colored invitations was waiting for ivan .	0
( ii ) the trustee must be independent of cgd .	that 's why it 's so bright .	0
chorin-tsu stared at the slender minister , holding his gaze .	i mean , something like a normal schedule .	0
i need cliaandian transportation and i got it in the simplest way possible .	well , look at them .	0
owing to the technical limitations of the current accounting system , partial recoveries are recorded by the program as being fully recovered .	christine stood up as he stood up from his chair .	0
`` unless polgara 's been issuing ultimatums , '' silk added .	`` if polgara did n't give an ultimatum , '' silk added .	1
you know , it 's funny . i-i never did play horseshoes .	you know , it 's weird , but i 've never wasted an undercard .	1
you 'd break 'em .	someone 's coming for your personal luggage .	0
excellent . i like that . good .	i always hated him .	0
and where might that be ?	where should she be ?	1
no , it is n't .	but he has n't .	0
the site % 1 contains one or more domain controllers , but is not connected by any site links .	such a loan was always associated with an investment project .	0
ca n't believe so many people came !	she loved patrick , but this was much more than he could have required from love .	0
looks like it 's gon na be an early christmas . hey !	the station prepares every four years of a series of agendas of `` road to the white house , '' in which he monitors the presidential election campaign .	0
and , by the same token , bars the queen - from appealing to the vatican against any decision made here .	it also prevents the queen from appealing to the vatican against any decision made here .	1
sam was relieved in one way but disturbed in another .	smoke billowed the inside of a blue body , and in a spiral came out through its ears like bats .	0
apparently he had fought dragons at some point , and had owned a winged horse which flew above the mountains .	at one point he seemed to be fighting the dragons and getting the winged horse flying over the mountains .	1
all right , toss her in there .	all right , put her in there .	1
that 's another reason for scholin 's voyage .	that 's another reason scholin does it .	1
before i forget , are we hitting faces ? of course .	before i forget , he can punch himself in the face ?	1
what happened to your wrist ?	what do you have with your wrist ?	1
there are ways i can disguise vanion 's face - ' and mine - so we 'll stop by from time to time .	there are ways to alter vanion 's and my face , so we will stop from time to time .	1
i 'm gon na call it a `` triskett . ''	i 'll call it `` pepper . ''	1
'i go now - ' janos said , ' - but i go knowing that you will come to me . '	medium term ( result ) * demonstration of systems in turbine halls 1 to 4 by 2020 .	0
do you know how big space is , and how many thousands of pieces of junk are orbiting up there ?	do you know how big the universe is and how many thousands of pieces of waste are circling ?	1
the real entrance is around the side .	we 'll fix it and submit it to markinson .	0
so , i 've seen you gushing blood .	i 've seen you drenched in blood .	1
he loved miriam 's long , low parlour , with its atmosphere of romance , its flowers , its books , its high rosewood piano .	he liked miriamin 's long , low room , his fairytale air with flowers and books and a tall wing of palisander wood .	1
never been on road trip .	the temple reared up sharply , shrivelled , browned and gray , zooming on a mixture of stone and doof .	0
i am growing weary of this charade .	i 'm getting tired of this charade .	1
i could n't embolize the deep feeders from the left middle cerebral artery because of the risk of aphasia , so i mobilized the a.v.m . nidus .	we have to find her .	0
the militiamen put up a poster for us which says ... ... '' respect the woman you choose .	even a man sees plenty of other opportunities for a young man with ambition .	0
whos the corporal in this squad ?	`` who 's the corporal in this team ? ''	1
here , come on .	can i at least get you ?	0
for a whole year i wasout of my mind , but i 've recovered now .	lift your heads !	0
funny eyeball glasses i 've never seen those in my life .	the three vultures entered the hatch into their smaller chamber .	0
ll arrive dans la voiture ! `` il a pas de cheveux et jeff daniels est déjà mort .	( there 's keanu reeves . ) `` il a pas de cheveux et jeff daniels est déja mort .	1
in your opinion and your experience , do you think i have a chance to overturn the appeal ?	in your opinion and experience , do you think this is going to take the chance ?	1
yet soldiers in battle dress were everywhere , their faces stern and forbidding .	but the soldiers in combat gear were everywhere ; they looked stern and unapologetic .	1
shut up , i hit broil instead of bake .	i have another favor to ask .	0
call a locksmith .	i 'll call you tomorrow .	0
so why 'd you leave your badge here ?	andy was probably a little excited .	0
he give you those scars ?	you got the scars from him ?	1
nobody know , but we go !	he gave up thanks to god for mexicans even for the spruills , and the good crop he gave us .	0
we could end up with a real mess .	one of the first things cus learned was the invention called `` willie . ''	0
'cause last year 's effort was a little woebegone .	eventually my life did n't look so bad .	0
`` from the fairies ?	`` from ghosts ?	1
it seemed impulsive , - but it was n't -- - it happened .	padelsky took samples at various locations , and rocca sealed the bags .	0
talk about you ma'am . kovacs , come on .	at that point , america 's demand would weaken , and the rest of the world would genuinely feel the consequences of romney 's presidency .	0
issuing volume : max . 2.8 million approximate issuing period :	morton once told me that he would never stand up to him .	0
10 member state eu/eea	10 member state eu / eea	1
it 's an old game .	i 'm gon na start on the contract .	0
`` deep enough , '' aunt pol replied .	mrs. birdie , my back is killing me .	0
what are you really doing here ?	what do you really want ?	1
( 60 ) this means that an overnight volatility of 5 % is regarded as a maximum in normal times .	| | article 19 ( 2 )	0
anyway , both of these girls are into you ; take your pick .	both those girls want you , just pick one .	1
such arguments have the ring of common sense .	common sense chime in from similar arguments .	1
rumor has it you 're headed back to new york .	i read the ad , and i thought it would be nice to meet , just like friends .	0
look in the mirror , creep !	look in the mirror , obstetrician !	1
i would like to take you out to coffee . would that be good ?	give her your patch .	0
you gyptians ought to know that .	return sana ?	0
okay , so what are we thinking ?	okay , so what do you think ?	1
well , who says you are ?	not now !	0
case c-35/08 grundstücksgemeinschaft busley and cibrian fernandez v finanzamt stuttgart-körperschaften ( reference for a preliminary ruling from the finanzgericht baden-württemberg )	case c-35 / 08 grundstücksgemeinschaft busley and cibrian fernandez v .	1
she wants to paint .	she wanted to paint at all costs .	1
you know , music -- originals or covers .	i 'm just trying to do my job .	0
did you get any sleep ?	take them out to play .	0
no . i was n't anywhere near that girl 's place !	i was nowhere near !	1
illegal footwear , too phosflourescent , they blind my players !	i have to soak my soul inside and try to smile .	0
fletcher was no longer thinking merely of desertion ; that would mean leaving far too much behind .	it 's ... it 's different .	0
ricky , come on !	ricky !	1
gert started toward him , meaning to put him down and keep him down .	gert launched himself against him , with the intention of laying him on the ground and holding him .	1
and form itself seems to have dissolved under the power of his line and color .	yeah , hai .	0
and when i woke up ...	he woke up and ...	1
`` let him go , '' langdon demanded .	`` let him go , '' langdon said .	1
the appeal brought by ms bero against that decision was dismissed by the landgericht frankfurt am main ( regional court , frankfurt am main ) .	the office referred to in paragraph 2 shall confirm the relevant box in the original case and hand the original to the relevant person .	0
you gon na fuck on me ?	do you want to fuck with me ?	1
`` i dinna like it , captain , '' scott said , shaking his head .	i see him pounding on that guy in the chair .	0
struan drank another brandy , then hurled the glass into the fireplace .	struan drained his brandy and then threw his glass into the fireplace .	1
i was just about to leave for the studio .	'jesus ! 'he gasped in sip springs , a very young voice .	0
how do we make an informed decision about the schools ... without something concrete from law enforcement ?	wow , you 're really good .	0
she 's just got ta sign the paperwork .	he just needs to sign the papers .	1
lynn anne was so shocked that when it was her turn she could n't speak .	lynn anne was so shocked that when a row came to her , she could not make a sound out of herself .	1
'well , now he 's back it 's bound to hurt more often , ' said sirius .	'if he came back now , he could expect it to hurt more often , 'said sirius .	1
the following data are findings from studies performed with alogliptin or metformin individually .	as far as i can tell , you only breathe once in a minute .	0
rorschach . you should n't be here . you 're a wanted man .	rorschach , you 're not supposed to be here .	1
you looked death in the face , went to meet it yourself .	you met with death in the face .	1
i felt elated at the time .	other 86,9 eur / 100 kg / net tariff quota for pig meat ( 20 000 t expressed as net weight )	0
frankly , yes .	do n't say that !	0
no text could be found in the region you clicked on .	no text found in the specified area .	1
`` where the profits flow , we will s and then retribution will swiftly follow .	and the white guy , i 'll take the fucking witness too .	0
local initiatives ensure that each city or urban area is supplied with increasingly tailored services .	if i broke up with a girl , all i want to do is keep calling and pestering me .	0
probable cause : it is missing the drive letter or other crucial information .	first i wanted a nice face and filled this empty place with a laugh , i do n't deny it .	0
how dare you get into dixon 's head !	i 'm telling you , daft punk would love you .	0
job ?	there seems to be a federal regulation that an emerging tech-savvy technology company must not hire a squat 50-year-old employee , as they do big , established companies .	0
was n't he in fact pretty loaded that night ?	was n't he really drunk that night ?	1
go for andy .	there seems to be no reason why , at eu level , one of these two solutions is preferable .	0
a similar provision exists with respect to on- demand services .	such a provision exists for service on demand .	1
we 've got a congress in venice .	unibet applied to the swedish state action for the tingsrätt ( general court at first instance ) .	0
the battle had begun and ended far too quickly for the neimoidian to even think about running .	we know this is nonsense .	0
the boat has sunk to our deck , monsieur burton .	the ship has plunged to our level , monsieur burton .	1
'get it off me ! ' the dean yelled .	is n't it too much for the first day ?	0
problem is , the emergency brakes in the unfinished cars are n't tied into the computer yet .	i did n't play it , jack , but i have the feeling .	0
the struggle to resist one 's captors is never pointless .	it 's all natural .	0
you can dial .	`` i really hate them . ''	0
is speltzer just blowing off steam , or is this the ritual he goes through before he kills ?	if you shoot the prisoners , they 'll throw you out of the country .	0
that is to say , a school dedicated to the status quo .	castle , we ca n't invite so many people .	0
then off bermuda they had encountered mating humpbacks , and a very impressive noise that was .	then at the bermud , they ran into a paired ceasefire , and it was a very impressive noise .	1
the best i can do is to tell it the way he told me .	the best thing i can do is tell you the story exactly as he did to me .	1
he was letting the water pour over his head , over his body ; the muffled sound of footsteps was hardly noticeable .	he respects you more than he wants to yell at you , no matter what he wants .	0
i just wan na make sure that the moose is as secure as the scouts .	the son of a king who was ruled here before my king .	0
krieger : it 's way too big for that .	it 's too big for that .	1
just a second , babe .	one second , my love .	1
you mean , like that high-pitched , irritating laugh ?	you mean like a high-frequency laugh ?	1
it seemed to poor old salo that this time they would surely sizzle to nothing or explode .	poor old sal seemed likely this time to both grow into nothingness or explode .	1
a long-distance relationship should n't be a deal breaker at your age ... with her .	a long-distance thing at your age should n't be a problem ... with her .	1
this is typical too .	this is typical .	1
you the girl with --	we ca n't put toys that can be dangerous .	0
where were you yesterday , kaylie .	'citizen angélique montmagnyt ? '	0
i 'll see what i can find .	say , do you use polymer neurons to transmit organic nerve impulses to my positronic net ?	0
quiet , you 'll scare them .	you back off callett .	0
i 've spent days thinking about the one good deed -	we got a statement from poppy champion this morning .	0
i have not said , have i , that vor daj wishes you for himself ? ''	that 's very compassionate of you , henry .	0
i believe in deciding in things would be good luck .	because on 143 yards , you 're dead .	0
as you know , this is a highly complex case .	as you know , it is a very difficult case .	1
or something of the sort , i forget the title , i read it with pleasure two months ago in the periodical review . ''	two months ago in the periodic word , i had the pleasure of reading this ... ``	1
me too . do you believe in love at fi rst sight ?	do you believe in love at first sight ?	1
i 'm just happy you moved on from the penis metaphor .	i 'm just glad that you 've stopped that metaphor with your penis .	1
'hood 's weary feet ! '	remember how you wanted to be a missionary ?	0
that 's what i 'm paying you for .	i 'm paying you for it .	1
the warden refused his request to be classified as a gardener , so the roses were deemed a hobby .	the administrator had rejected his request to be reclassified at a gardener , and he was looking at roses as a hobby .	1
that 's amazing !	i just wanted to see you out of school .	0
what 's okay , man ?	what 's up , man ?	1
then gathered we at last upon a fertile plain to bring together all that we had learned .	finally , we gathered on vast and fertile plains to share everything we learned .	1
we 're surrounded by some of the biggest swelled heads in history .	we 're surrounded by the greatest huggers in history .	1
i see you two lovebirds starting a new beginning .	specific comments 1 .	0
then he saw her .	then he badgered her .	1
did n't garcia think his wife was having an affair with a guy called nick drayton ?	i 'm sorry .	0
'ahaha ... ' he said .	who 's edna w ?	0
you have the right build , the right hair , the right basic look .	i mean 'qapla ' !	0
`` who told you ? '' `` god . ''	watch what you 're doing !	0
there 's alway another way .	there 's always another way .	1
you can find it , mr. adventure .	you 'll find it , mr. adventures .	1
the wedding is off !	we 're canceling the wedding .	1
think it was when i entered middle school .	it 's all so wild .	0
of course , there 's no way to blast him out of that little bungalow of his , so i have to go there . ''	call me as soon as you get there .	0
we broke into his house , and without billie , we do n't have the exigent circumstances	we broke into his house ... ... and without billie there 's no real reason .	1
are you sure this is all right ? of course .	are you sure this is useful ?	1
stand up and look at you .	get up and look at him .	1
what 's the matter ?	do n't go .	0
you have to back off and let me do it .	but you have to step back and let me do it .	1
got one for every cop and crook i met .	i did n't know there were so many .	0
firstly , rtp was required to provide reports on the performance of its public service obligations and plans accompanied by an opinion of its internal board of auditors .	summer and winter were the same : it was still dry , but the summer wore with exhaustion , while winter came with ice-brittle peace .	0
flag of nato	flag of the north atlantic alliance	1
then , at a moment when i would have judged her thoughts to be anywhere but there , she asked me my mother 's name .	i have to deal with jia yuina .	0
tak ah wan !	# no one	0
no , okay , my doctor said it was really common , but ...	you look really sharp , chief !	0
fabulous about the wedding . - mmm .	this is great with the wedding .	1
she wants to help us .	oh , you 're a good boy .	0
so , father , another outing ?	so , father , out for a walk again ?	1
i 'm curious . after killing me , what are you planning on doing next ?	i 'm not going .	0
article 2 implementing decision 2013/28/eu is repealed .	javier , you can tell me .	0
i 'm also resident dj here , which means i know anyone of any music biz use anywhere in this city .	i also have a dj here , which means i know anyone in the music business in this city .	1
we 'll all be at peace tomorrow .	he sat opposite her with a sigh , dropped the backpack off his shoulders and took the meal out of him .	0
best bring in your livestock .	the words were the numbers from which the codes were folded .	0
— the specific actions are :	i needed that .	0
the thought staggered flattery .	in addition , omeprazole has no inhibitory effect on the principal isoenzymes of cyp isoenzymes .	0
'you called the vote , clem , so what 's your view ? ' she asked .	noma and vasagi sohail , who dwelled close , climbed the inner stairways from the repaired stone and carved cartilage .	0
we were just gon na call .	we were just about to call .	1
hanbei !	look at me !	0
set item exclusive linked	because if you did , i 'd be happy to pay for your apartment .	0
are you going to treat him ?	will you take him ?	1
but you lost him .	the glaze of the windows alone cost over £200million .	0
i got the job done !	a tall black man is sitting behind me .	0
sterling flatware from spain , bone china from england , hand-woven linens from ...	pure cutlery from spain , porcelain from england , hand-embroidered from ...	1
until a moment ago i did n't know you could use it at a distance - that sort of thing .	a handsome young boy , an aging beauty who is last lit by his calf before he starts going to plastic ...	0
the guys filled me in about what happened to tara .	in theory , i could find areas where the signal interacted with humans and separated from parts of the building .	0
next time jerk off in your van like a gentleman .	timmy , i really want you !	0
'millions watched her glide through the hot shot curtain of dreams 'to sing her heart out . '	we 'll release her tonight , but you must understand there 's a mandatory counselor in these cases .	0
this may help prevent your card from being abused .	about what happened in that garden ?	0
tomorrow , raymond ... ... my friend and mentor , will testify he thinks i 'm guilty .	tomorrow , raymond ... my friend and teacher will testify against me .	1
i do n't see no fuckin ' license ! - what license ?	taking a deep breath , idaho said , `` tell me what you meant . ''	0
now it was the horchow collection .	hang up !	0
drop . drop .	i 'm in a conflict , i think . that 's what i 'm saying .	0
i must go , lawrence , before l soil myself with a fool 's blood .	i 'm leaving , lawrence , before i tarnish the fool 's blood .	1
and do you know where the highest concentrations of german nationals in this country happen to live ?	and do you know where the germans `` biggest population is in this country ?	1
when they call your name , you can use the internet .	when they call , you can go online .	1
you crossed a line , carlos .	they hired all the diggers in cairo .	0
i wonder what it could --	i wonder what that might be .	1
but nobody ever saved any lives by not getting carried away .	and you never fought for money ?	0
the valley was asleep .	your people are gon na die because of you or give me the rat 's name inside my party .	0
there are things ... we do n't tell them .	tell me , harvard , what is the exact exact procedure to suspend epilepsy ?	0
we laser-tagged our way through her pre-teen years and now suddenly she 's too old to play .	you should be ashamed of yourself , lily .	0
he was just going to take what deer hunters call the backstrap , and he started a sloppy job , this short ragged cut here .	he was about to cut out what hunters call the back lane , and he started up pretty badly , here 's a short click-down cut .	1
may we use your restroom to change our kids out of their cricket uniforms ?	can we use the toilets to get our kids changed out of suits on cricket ?	1
of note in these reports is a consistent belief that zander was making tremendous progress up until recently . ♪ la ♪	he drove deeper than i thought .	0
nice secret headquarter upgrade .	super improvements to the secret headquarters .	1
i am proud of the o.s.s . and their newly formed spy kids division .	he 's got his hat .	0
and he stated that he was looking for the real inventor of bitcoin ?	at 12 , i weighed 300 pounds !	0
come on . just take it . i said i was sorry .	before he could ask , several small screens lit up on the wall .	0
but where we 're going is not for you .	but where i 'm going , it 's not for you .	1
no , i like dogs that fetch me beautiful women . cute .	no , i like dogs who bring me a nice little lady .	1
no , i get pleasure from understanding .	you know there 's only one way to fix this .	0
if that were to happen , warp travel would become impossible .	are you sure you do n't want to wipe out humanity ?	0
i want to dispense some of this worldly wisdom that i picked up on my journey in life .	i want to share some of the wisdom i 've picked up on my life .	1
`` stand by for energy weapons and missiles .	most of all she dreaded the fact that the belarusian mafia might have had a hand in the matter .	0
but that 's happened .	but what happened .	1
all at once i became aware that i was very tired , in fact close to exhausted .	`` you know , i think it 's not just the rain that makes noise .	0
it 's getting impossible to sneak up on you .	it 's becoming impossible to reach you unprepared .	1
i 'm outdoors , i 'm wearing comfortable clothes , i 'm gardening , and i 'm learning spanish !	did you see what we dug for the russians ?	0
and my mother , of course , and my brother .	and my brother .	1
cup of coffee , black . there 's a diner down the street .	there 's a diner down the street .	1
if you need a collaborator , how about your guardian angel there ?	if you need a partner , what do you have to say to your guardian angel ?	1
holy mother of god in heaven ,	all right , come on up .	0
this divergence results primarily from the decoupled direct aids sector .	so , how do you know where to go ?	0
you see , i missed the first 30-some-odd years of her life , and i think i can safely say we both enjoy me being hurt .	you know , i missed the first 30 and something years of her life and i think i can certainly say we 're enjoying both my injuries .	1
see you .	i 'll see you .	1
add or remove title , summary or detail bands	adds or removes the heading , summary , or body bars .	1
why are you being so strange omar ?	listen , i 'll tell you what i 'd say to my own son .	0
sync chuckled , but he could n't make it sound convincing .	sync cackled with laughter , but it did n't sound very convincing .	1
my mom 's -- she said she 's coming back ...	did she take him to sleep ?	0
miraculous !	unreal !	1
nothing ever in my whole life 's ever turned out right .	access to the marketing standardised approach : articles 253 , 254 and 256 ( 5 ) of crr .	0
there is n't . there is n't , i think i just got a little confused .	i do n't have to . i think i was confused .	1
we all searched the whole zone .	the five men from culhaven ran frantically between tables and benches , avoiding the wreckage frantically .	0
like when you look at an old woman , and you might find her very beautiful .	if you keep a little alcohol on your skin , you can smell burning .	0
( chuckles ) you 're too modest .	he left before i did .	0
maybe when he moves back to his mom 's , we can revisit the idea .	breen , just find out when they want to meet , and , um , we 'll be there ... with rollers .	0
just her jogging clothes and her heart rate monitor .	just the clothes to run and the heart rate monitor .	1
i 'm being given credit that i do n't deserve .	last year 's try was a bit gloomy .	0
an active crime scene .	at the crime scene .	1
do n't you have someplace to be ?	after all the trouble setting up a nursery , it would be nice if you told me two weeks ahead , my friend .	0
i thought you had some influence over the guy	when we were kids , we climbed into an oasis of bulls and waited for them to turn on us .	0
i 've always got the feeling that your folks ... are not very happy with our marriage . that 's how i feel	he converted the trio of surprised people . standing in front of them , with deep suspicion .	0
a second stimulus simply is not in the cards .	the second stimulus is simply not on the agenda .	1
do n't we have enough trouble without resurrecting that ?	the victim was a woman .	0
you 're looking at me so ... ... straight .	you 're looking at me so ... ... hard .	1
maybe he ’ s supposed to be a cannibal .	maybe it 's to be a cannibal .	1
max , not the cone of silence .	tara , we want to help !	0
um ... ( sniffs ) did you come from a barbecue ?	did you come from the barbecue ?	1
‘ we ’ d better get up to the aerie , and see what pirojil ’ s found out .	is there anyone you know who has n't destroyed your life , and then you met him in adulthood ?	0
oh , my god , so cute .	oh , my god .	1
you 're not getting off to a very good start here .	you do n't start out very well .	1
`` now i must present myself to duke atreides , '' he said with complete faith .	not just for the rest of our lives will investment decisions and results in financial markets control human judgment - good and bad .	0
it speaks of hope that word finds them safe within the villa .	here 's something for you to start .	0
ralph ?	ralph !	1
but ... to keep a man like the dark one as a slave ? no .	he just dropped out and left me .	0
so what 's it really like ?	and what is it really ?	1
ws-f prp	that 's a good boy .	0
i do n't want to smoke .	i could never do something like that .	0
it 's weird , you have to go further and further to find vines that are n't dried up .	you have to go further to find a vine that is not dried up .	1
uh , it 's something i need now .	i need it now .	1
we need soldiers . soldiers like lieutenant stack lumbrezer .	that 's right .	0
the sound of their horses crashing through the thickets died away .	the beat of their horses , passing through the thundering thicket , fell silent .	1
what have you got ?	what did you find out ?	1
and communicating with anywhere else .	and communicate with the other places .	1
most days , it 's quiet out there , but once in a great while something exciting happens .	there 's silence for most days , but every once in a long time there will be something exciting . - frequency modulation -	1
now , please stop pissing around and help me .	stop complaining and help me !	1
one said do n't litter .	one said : do n't throw the rubbish .	1
hope rico gave us the right number .	it 's in the theater .	0
you 're quite right .	ted 's a local union foreman ?	0
you 're making a mistake here , believe it .	you 're making a mistake .	1
the americans only respect strength controlled by resolve .	americans respect only the kind of power that rests on resolve .	1
the government has put forward measures to ensure the accuracy of tax returns that now need to be made fully operational .	in order to ensure the regularity of tax declarations , the government submitted measures to ensure full functionality .	1
yeah , i know .	where the fuck have you been ?	0
sorry champ .	i 'm sorry , man .	1
we 're sorry , please retire to your rooms so terribly sorry !	away , kids !	0
no , i do n't need a moment . i 'm here .	in no time , i 'm here .	1
jacob is very nice , but he still has a lot to learn .	yes , jacob is very nice , but he 's still a little clumsy .	1
i 've seen scars heal almost while i was watching them .	i could see the wounds heal so fast that it could almost be seen .	1
they called her `` four eyes '' and `` brace face '' and `` dumbo . ''	they called her `` four-eyes , '' and `` an iron mouth '' and `` dumbo . ''	1
boss , i 've sent two texts to the passenger on the plane .	i ca n't imagine how hard it is for you when i ask you to experience it again when you have to grieve again .	0
philippa , hop in that doorway and find out what his beef is .	i have to tell bill the time has come .	0
not a ballplayer .	he 's not a baseball player .	1
thanks , - god will judge you !	god will judge you .	1
captain braca , here 's the deal .	captain braca ... it 's going to be like this .	1
mr. scott this is the phone company .	is that it ?	0
during the trade fair , our sales representatives will be ready to answer all your inquiries and help you with your choice of health care and rehabilitation products .	during the trade fair , our business representatives are prepared to answer all your questions and help you in the right direction in choosing medical and rehabilitation aids .	1
shifty eyes .	no , but it does n't surprise me .	0
for one thing , they 'll swear out a warrant if you spit out your gum on the sidewalk .	the swiss will issue an arrest warrant for you , even if you spit out the gum on the sidewalk .	1
no , the pumps are ... they do n't work .	no , the pumps are ... they 're closed .	1
( 7 ) the conditions under which the personal data stored in the file may be communicated , to which recipients and under what procedure ;	( 7 ) assumptions in respect of which they are allowed in a set of personal data to be communicated to the recipients and in what procedure ;	1
she was childless , she never married and she did n't leave a will .	i 'll give you any damn thing , 'cause i know you 're gon na use it .	0
en official journal of the european union c 24/33 action brought on 21 november 2013 — ecolab usa/ohmi ( greasecutter ) ( case t-610/13 )	that 's what i mean .	0
if they fail , i have other resources ; but i shall try them first .	her problem , my bad .	0
tenar ? have you known sparrowhawk for a long time ?	tenar , how long have you known haitaka ?	1
maybe the most important meeting we 're ever gon na have .	maybe this will be the most important encounter we 've ever seen .	1
this is exactly what i 'm talking about .	because then his professional life will never be better .	0
this process , somewhat clandestinely , is underway in kosovo .	for one thing , i have an excuse .	0
you 're getting fired .	nothing .	0
throughout this period , cities have operated as open laboratories , with remarkable results , despite the limited funding available ;	we can start with the permits at the end of the summer .	0
not necessarily in high school , though . - but when opportunity knocks ...	not necessarily in high school , but you know when an opportunity comes up ...	1
i 'm fucking going in there !	the committee was informed of the state of work on sis ii at its meetings , especially may 10 .	0
fun ?	the thought surprised me so much , i made it aloud in the helicopter .	0
`` your quarrels with your husband .	but you know that , because i 'll see you there .	0
when you get across , i need you to get to the atm . get as much cash as you can .	i do n't want to think about the offer .	0
all right , fi !	it 's okay , fi .	1
to find out the truth , sir .	did you really think i 'd give you the list ?	0
i do n't know , maybe at the university ?	do n't sleep with anyone until you fall in love .	0
probably night hunters , though , and hard to stalk .	she seems to have never fallen in love with one of them. ``	0
i 'm michael .	if my life is like an annual period , everything in front of my 40s was spring .	0
yeah yeah , but i could n't just let him fuck her .	`` he must have started somewhere , '' crandall offered .	0
as sigmund freud said ... `` dreams are the royal road to the knowledge of the mind . ''	two hundred and fifty syilables , and we only use one .	0
aehm , this !	which is really good .	0
but first i need to , uh , know what happens ... next . um ...	but first i have to know what 's next .	1
thanks to our new lucky charm here ...	thanks to our new talent ...	1
does that mean that there 's a job ... that mr. all-go-no-quit-big-nuts harry stamper ... ca n't handle by himself and needs my expert advice ?	does it mean there 's a contract that mr. big dude and expert harry stamper ca n't handle himself , and he needs my help ?	1
that is lazlo gogolak 's main account in the grand caymans .	i came to my confession .	0
oh , mama , please . man 2 : give me that .	oh , mom , please .	1
the point is , where is betsy going to be fired ?	the question is , where will betsy shoot ?	1
but i can not seem to do that for myself .	but it seems like i ca n't do it myself .	1
who did you have in mind , exactly ?	do n't be scared .	0
would you like buses , tommy ?	do you like buses , thomas ?	1
and from what magenta and columbia eagerly viewed on their tv monitor . . . ... there seemed little doubtthat janet was indeed ... ... its slave .	and according to what magenta and columbia eagerly watched on their television screen ... there was no doubt janet had actually become his slave .	1
it takes place on a submarine	it 's going to happen in a submarine .	1
and just when we think we 've destroyed him ... we must remember , we can never trust the things that we see .	and when we thought we 'd destroyed him ... ... we quickly remembered that it was n't all the way he looked .	1
you are everywhere	i still noticed that this was the only letter hank mentioned about his mother and riley at the same time .	0
the besieging army of count gerich looked oddly ant-like , a mass of tiny men with armour glinting the colour of pewter in the pale light .	the imposing army of count gerricha looked out of there as a strange flock of ants ; meat of tiny men whose armour gleamed in the pale daylight .	1
i 'm telling you , he is not normal for worf .	this is not normal for worf .	1
come to save your little fan girl ?	the village needs experienced men , especially now when i 'm injured .	0
it would be foolish to attempt any type of violence . a man as highly trained as your assassin would realize this .	attempting any violence would be foolish .	1
i think that if you listen to exactly what happened and then you could do whatever you need to .	i think if you did what exactly happened , then you only did what you have to do .	1
they can carry out business in other member states by way of freedom to provide services or by opening a branch .	i 'm just ...	0
fergus crawled all the way into the garage , then stood up with the tupperware box in both hands and stared at the plastic explosive .	fergus stretched himself in and stood , holding the metal box in his hands , and stared at the plastic explosive .	1
the trick is to break down that distinction , to approach your muse as frankly as you would talk to yourself or to your friends .	no excuses .	0
i must say ... ... the japanese do geta few things right .	i have to say , the japanese can do quite a few things .	1
all i can say is , this better be important . it is .	all i can say is that it 's pretty important .	1
for the first time in all my years here i wish i were a customer .	first for all these years , i wish to be a customer .	1
for educational measures , the following programmes are to be mentioned .	i was in the front , and you held my gun on the back of my head .	0
`` let 's see- ''	send postcard - koksigoes baden - beach	0
i do n't normally have anything to do with weed , nick .	i do n't usually do nick in the grass .	1
the other night , i cried out to him in my despair .	you want to be my snack ?	0
you tell him that i know he has the boxes and i am coming for them .	if you do n't want to stay in this morning and do n't go to work tomorrow .	0
| article 10 | article 5e	if i have a petticoat , i 'll use it .	0
i remember that deal .	delete extension ( alt + d )	0
no , it sounds like arson .	you two finally got a kiss , but only one of you liked it .	0
well , it 's a little silly , but we all have our thing , do n't we ?	it 's a little silly , but we 're each other , right ?	1
here 's exactly what happened last night .	i 'll tell you what happened last night .	1
look , to tell the truth , i 'm a bit pissed off with the vampires .	look , i 'm gon na tell you the truth , i 'm pretty upset about vampires .	1
wait . oh , my god .	oh , my god .	1
you know , i promised a friend i 'd stop in .	so , do you believe this guy now ?	0
there 's a reason the entire population gets up in the morning and clocks the freeways , because they got ta go to work .	there 's a reason they all get up in the morning and get out on the freeway , they have to go to work .	1
· independence is neither assured nor demonstrable in a paradigm where audit has effectively become one of a plethora of commercial services .	you walk through the wrong door and sucked you into space .	0
her name justhappens to appear on your check also .	her name will show up on your check .	1
i shovelled snow yesterday , till my back broke .	my whole life is one big question .	0
do n't talk to us like we 're adopted , bro .	as it all works , parts fit .	0
well , what were you thinking then ?	nature frightens the paradox .	0
the man from the warehouse phone .	that 's the guy on the phone at the warehouse , right ?	1
would you take ransom if we offered it to you ?	you 'll accept the ransom if we offer it .	1
i 'm going to try and get a statement from the two newest members ...	i 'll try to get a statement from the two newest members of the league .	1
mr. stranger the evening train 's coming .	mr. heard , the evening train is on its way .	1
back home i ran a small art gallery .	i ran a little gallery at the house .	1
do n't get me wrong .	do n't take this the wrong way .	1
huh ? samaritan -- where is it now ?	my friend here is here to help .	0
and put nothing .	and they did n't give anything .	1
his aunt had wept , rather theatrically , teppic had thought , since the old lady was as tough as a hippo 's instep .	rega tied the rope around her waist , but she was in no hurry .	0
how compassionate of you , henry .	calling my wife , threatening , histrionics will cease .	0
your father lord shingen is right here .	your father , mr. shingen , is here .	1
nor canst thou kill me	speaking of reproduction is our eldest daughter , amber .	0
her father made her do the show ... ..so you could n't take her to florida .	i 'd like to try my chances with the other searchers. ``	0
okay ?	but i ca n't do these tests in a year , in a month , in a week , even tomorrow .	0
well , unless the only reason that you 're dating him is because you think that it ca n't work out .	if you do n't go out with him just because you do n't think it can work out .	1
so the last thing he wants in his state-of-the-art slot machine is green slime .	i deserve it .	0
i do n't know what she said to him .	i do n't even know what she used to say .	1
you turned out to beall i was looking for , the missing piece in the big fucking puzzle .	you 're the one i was looking for , missing piece in the puzzle .	1
maybe it can , if you are willing to guide it , to nurture it . to believe in it .	maybe yes , if you 're willing to guard it , to feed her ... ... to believe in her .	1
ao 's heart is good .	aoz 's heart is good .	1
this does n't mean we condone or encourage the homosexual lifestyle .	but that does n't mean we overlook or apologize the lifestyle of homosexuals .	1
let 's see if i remember .	i do n't think i can keep in the saddle much longer - '	0
when you get back , we 'll sort you out something with a view .	when you get back , we 'll pick you up something good .	1
article 5 : authorised representatives	you do n't like him ?	0
shaithis took it as a sign of the hell-lander 's impotence .	shaithis saw it as a sign of hell 's impotence .	1
brown tom , you can ’ t be dead .	black tom , you ca n't be dead .	1
you picked them out as if they were for yourself .	you took them out for yourself .	1
we have a thing ?	we have a need ?	1
well , there you are , great minds think alike .	you see , big brains think alike .	1
how 's that chicken ?	is nicky here ?	0
i do n't even know how i 'm gon na do it .	i 'm trying to contact officer burgess and roman .	0
she was the one our central i contact at the dvm .	he said , `` he made it real . ''	0
oh , it 's counselor tyno , right ?	as the shadow cast sister mary on her back , she simply screamed , and the scream ran through roland 's head like a ringing of tinted bell .	0
he was a clerk at the district council for a year .	the year he was an official on the city council .	1
and the girl ?	someone 's gon na die in this fucking hole .	0
we can change .	that they can change .	1
my card 's with leandra .	my card 's got leandro .	1
`` and unnoticed in their going ...	`` and unnoticed in my run ...	1
but you said it was dark , right ?	with criminals .	0
the male penguins have not eaten for months and have only each other for protection from hurricane-force winds .	maybe if you were n't so rewarded , so rude ... you do n't sue me for being rude , for rejection .	0
here , you want me to hold you steady ?	all right , i 'm sending .	0
do you know what that means ?	you know what they mean ?	1
i have nothing left .	could you hold on for one second , please ?	0
in the past 1 year he was connected many times to this eqipment .	over the past year he has been connected to this device many times .	1
noises .	the noise .	1
ooh ! my arm !	we do n't have to break any speed record today , okay ?	0
just -- just waiting .	i 'm just waiting .	1
so where were you this weekend ?	so where have you been ?	1
a life tax .	but the planet of class m ... .. is gone .	0
is she touching his butt ?	is that his butt ?	1
i 'll just be a minute .	one tablet less and it 's only a year .	0
his gaze travelled up to one of the fourteenth 's new standards , barely visible through clouds of roiling dust up ahead .	he glanced at the new fourteenth , barely visible in the cloud of dust .	1
she could see them , if she stared hard enough .	when she concentrated enough , she could see them .	1
cheers . - really ?	he 's up to something big , sid .	0
and the ground was shaking , as in an earthquake .	come on .	0
`` we both want the mission to succeed . ''	`` we 're both interested in the success of this mission . ''	1
it says it on the label .	the only evidence .	0
my lords , i am come here ... to introduce a bill of attainder against thomas cromwell on a charge of treason .	i came here to introduce a civil rights bill against thomas cromwell on charges of treason .	1
if i remember right ... ... they 're not calledthe ten suggestions .	so do your best , please !	0
yeah , i would n't mind having one of these in my house .	at least a little bit of me will live on .	0
let 's walk on .	let 's walk again .	1
`` kim took the message slip .	did brand quote you before he left the poem ?	0
it 's like it never existed .	it 's as if she never existed .	1
august 2026 : there will come soft rains	august 2026 there will be heavy rains	1
why , it 's the first day of school , teacher .	it 's the first school day .	1
it 's my work .	for my work .	1
two lives have been taken , a third is on the verge of ruination .	two lives were lost , third is on the verge of destruction .	1
in the jacuzzi of yourfree suite , in which monsieur desires to remain ?	`` watermelon . ''	0
i need a fucking popsicle .	i 'd really like a popsicle .	1
wuertz picked you up .	it seemed like you always wanted to humiliate me .	0
'then it 's time you had some sleep .	yeah , it 's a pig , really .	0
you sewed this to me !	in the first place , this could be about thor 's protective power .	0
the stamp of the roman state . .	a roman state .	1
they move on like they would 've changed brand of cereals .	it 's like they just changed the cereal .	1
i do n't know what impression you 've got , but ...	i do n't know what you mean , but ...	1
just a rather unrevealing death , i 'm sorry to say .	i guess it was my friend .	0
the world is so large , they will not go far	i 'm not as good as my sister .	0
she does n't know what she 's saying .	it 's like floating through the universe , waiting for someone to hear them .	0
sheldon , sheldon , give it !	sheldon , give it to me !	1
nothing like that tart , keira knightley .	he loves rhymes .	0
you should ask candace .	eights trade mark company gmbh & co .	0
he speaks of interest .	once he 's been a good boy , say , in the last year of stanford or yale , sloat will put him in teritoria 's secret .	0
comrade lieutenant , '' first '' will be talking to you .	comrade lieutenant , `` first '' is on the line .	1
do n't like they way i drive ?	the shield wall split for a second , and several warriors ran straight through .	0
but they say we all have a twin out there somewhere .	and by devil i mean the robodevil .	0
now traversi is gone , you 'll be the editor .	i 'll find a way to fix this , you know ?	0
bagsy not me ! why ?	they went to where he had previously had his study of grigory borowitz , and where , on that night , dragosani had set up his command post .	0
roger , show us en route .	he did not inherit the knife himself , not even the prospect of death .	0
and we would plan to get macpherson together . you had no offensive strategy .	you had no offensive strategy .	1
you know you do .	you know that .	1
`` sound lingers in these caves , and the echoes keep coming back over and over again . ''	`` the sound echoes in the caves , and the echo repeats it again and again , so it will intensify . ''	1
open it !	thank you , mr. president .	0
there 's nowhere left to run , callahan .	you have nowhere to run , callahan .	1
let 's not start .	let 's not .	1
a direct representative of the crown is present on every military campaign which is under government auspices . ''	any military campaign under the auspices of the government shall be attended by a direct representative of the crown. ``	1
`` yes , sir , adjusted for dahlite ... ah ... needs. ``	`` yes , sir , customized for the dahl ... um ... needs . ''	1
and once his father died . . .	i also hope to keep general biharang safe .	0
“ i saw her just before i left .	`` i visited her just before departure .	1
i have asked you here because i believe that i have discovered david robert jones ' true intentions .	i have sent for you ... ... because i believe ... ... i have revealed david robert jones 's true intentions .	1
let 's fix that tooth .	i had to chew through it .	0
as a token of my good will , i present to you a gift , these two droids .	to show my good heart , i present to you the present , these two droids .	1
you had the fucking tracking device .	in the first place , the liability was assessed , depending on the actual elements of the infringement , as its nature and its impact on the market .	0
or how many vogons does it take to change a light bulb ?	store the supernatant store at a temperature of + 4 ° c and resuspend the remaining cell tube in 10 to 20 ml of pufra .	0
today , she is hunting the rarest creature on earth but not to eat .	today , our females are looking for the most precious creature on earth , but not for hunger .	1
the truck-bed was as empty as the cab .	yes , they did .	0
dogs ... for him to laugh at while we chase our tails .	dogs ... ... that 's what we 're for him and he 's laughing as we chase the tails .	1
you 're kinda keen to get out of town or something ?	you want to get out of town so much ?	1
well you -- you realize i 'm a witch , right ?	coconut palm ( matches )	0
i figured that was fortunate since i would n't have known where to find him otherwise .	i assumed it was lucky because i did n't know where else to look for him .	1
i did n't know where you were .	i was standing there and i did n't know where you were .	1
or i 'll leave .	or i 'm off .	1
let 's build them a putting green a clubhouse , or a miniature golf course a hot , bubbly bath ?	i 've been a big , evil monster in my head the whole time .	0
fine , i 'll keep it in my bum .	who is he ?	0
oh , no , sir- polly protested .	'oh , no , sir ... 'said polly .	1
come on . bring it back .	come on , bring it to me .	1
i mean , why did n't you just tell me you went to a boys ' home ?	why did n't you just tell me about the house ?	1
but , no !	oh , no !	1
my name is frank hardwick , and since this is a police gala , you lot probably know me through my mug shots .	it 's a career , right ?	0
i 'll ask supermarkets to donate out-of-date food .	deck three , section 15 .	0
the human body will --	you must have heard of me .	0
he ca n't wait long . ''	he wo n't be waiting a long time . '	1
i think the best thing for zach is he face the fact he has a problem .	i think the best thing for zach will be admitting he has a problem .	1
“ and what , pray tell , is that , brother daniel ?	`` and may i ask , brother daniel , what is it ?	1
she wasn ’ t due at ecobacter until noon tomorrow .	she was going to go to ecobacter by noon tomorrow .	1
you would n't all fit !	i did n't ask you to .	0
article 3 information concerning the operator ’ s supply 1 .	article 3 information concerning deliveries by an economic operator 1 .	1
interesting hearing about your matrimonial affairs .	your marital problems are really interesting .	1
i think that sybil is -	i think sybil has ...	1
you 're a civilian .	the guy was on my right .	0
`` okay , '' she said .	our course is to view the phenomenon of belief in phenomena .	0
there had been whiffs of it here and there before , but luckily the weather had been cool .	here and there he felt faint in the air before , but luckily the weather was still cold .	1
howthe hell are we gon na pay for an attorney ?	i do n't think it 's gon na matter anymore , 'cause you 're gon na be dead .	0
where 's home ? i do n't remember .	`` well , mighty wizard , do you want my help or can you do it for the help of your strength ? '' gilla asked .	0
it took another ten minutes because the defense minister , he was told , was in a politburo meeting .	he had to wait a few minutes , as he learned that the defense minister was at the politburo meeting .	1
after six days in the back country , edwards and his marines were beginning to understand what fatigue was .	after six days in the mountains , edwards and the other men began to understand what it was .	1
there are all kinds of safety procedures and backup systems to make sure nothing goes wrong .	the centre is about 15 min . walking .	0
l < 12 m reunion island :	this is luca canali .	0
it 's been 50 years since the chamber was opened .	now you be in my power !	0
a-228 ...	he turned back to the ground , heckled with air , then tossed the bomb into a harmless distance .	0
not true ! you drool in your sleep .	bill crawl !	0
of anything new . - yeah .	nothing new .	1
beyond the trees , the french infantry are advancing en masse .	the entire french infantry is moving in behind the trees .	1
i keep an old spacesuit in the car to impress women .	my father always wanted me to take a pharmacy after him .	0
which wire ?	what kind of wires ?	1
· each party has a duty to act in accordance with good faith and fair dealing .	· the contracting parties have an obligation to act in accordance with the principles of good faith and honest trade .	1
i 'm going back to campus .	i 'm going back to the dorm .	1
first fbi check since i got back .	i hate that guy and his name .	0
i 'm sure your viewers would agree with that .	it looks like a building .	0
not much to say .	not much .	1
`` for the most part , yes .	he stood up .	0
buy a hotel .	if it 's any consolation , it 's not our best .	0
uh-huh . now ... about my sea monster .	well , all right .	0
thanks , deb .	i thought you were meditating .	0
listen , kid , whatever information you got in lraq ... ... l just do n't think this house is what you think it is .	is this what they call a pregnancy pause ?	0
we have a good camp life .	there 's a good living in the camp .	1
\h toggle html output mode ( currently % s )	`` our facilities and ships have taken over . ''	0
karl called it the jimmy carter look from 1976 .	karl called it a model jimmy carter called 1976 .	1
that 's just not natural .	it 's not natural at all .	1
do you see what i 'm dealing with here ?	everyone loves us .	0
there 's a fire .	sir ... ... as karen was right , you might reconsider your tough stance .	0
i 'm not exactly university material , man .	i 'm not really into college material , man .	1
diego went to the taller man , putting a hand behind his neck , and another at the small of his back .	diego went to a taller man , put one hand over his neck and the other on the cross .	1
you ca n't go back .	we need to talk about certain alternatives .	0
how am i supposed to sell this thing ?	tabori and takagishi have been drawn into the faith of their usual chess matches .	0
how much authority do you have ?	what powers do you have ?	1
it 's so much worse than catcher in the retarded rye !	the summer climate was similar to moscow , but there was more moisture .	0
`` i whispered , and in the silence , words heard again and again in ritual suddenly came to life on the lips of the god .	`` did max come up with a theory about why cerberus 's directors had decided to commit a mass murder ? ''	0
he does n't care what shape she 's in , and any risk is too much .	he does n't care if he goes or not and every risk is too much for him .	1
because at 468 feet you 're dead .	or maybe there 's something you do n't want to talk aloud about .	0
go round the green bin bags .	and he 's gon na call the police !	0
1st part : text as a whole without the word ‘ adaptability ’	no .	0
he answered your question , but you did n't answer his .	he answered you .	1
approaching the house ...	wow , it 's great to be back .	0
oh . or just you .	`` we live in an imperfect universe , and humans will only remain humans , no matter what we do .	0
i 'm gon na take it from here , okay ?	it 's a little chilly .	0
i guess i was jealous .	i must have been jealous .	1
he only knew it was n't anger .	significant .	0
cyrix 6x86mx processor	did you hear what happened ?	0
mr. milich , i 've obviously left things a bit late tonight .	mr. milich , i have a little late night .	1
single market policies must help address the roots of exclusion in our societies .	single-market policies must help address the grounds of exclusion in our society .	1
burton got their orders and transmitted them to the converter .	do you love her ?	0
but i 'm asking you to listen to little edith .	so what do you think ?	0
great example for any young people watching .	why does it take so long ?	0
detective , what the hell kind of precinct is this ?	i see shit .	0
nah , there was n't really 88 of 'em . they just call themselves `` the crazy 88 ''	there were n't 88 , they just called themselves , `` mad eight . ''	1
alterith 's laughter pealed out .	alterith laughed .	1
he was booked for two days ... ... then just after 11:00 , he suddenly asks for his bill and leaves .	he goes down for two days ... and then after 11 , he asks for an account and goes away .	1
i can assure you that ...	`` they work for tremont and friends .	0
taylor really wants to leave , like , now . okay .	guys , you should see this .	0
get in there , have some sex with her right now .	go on , have sex with her .	1
durine had noticed the light swell of her belly under her blouse , but he had just attributed it to the regular meals in the keep .	durine had previously noticed a swollen belly beneath her blouse , but he had yet to attach it to a regular diet in the tower .	1
it 's not unusual for someone who 's had an operation to suffer from anxiety .	again , seldon became aware of the pain and regret of his ignorance of history .	0
hmm . - dr. hart , what are ... what are you ?	will you come with me or not ?	0
i know my mama , she would n't let him forget .	and it 's not the economy .	0
`` you do n't have to hide it from mechiefly , i suppose , because you ca n't . ''	`` but you ca n't hide it from me , i mean , mainly because you ca n't . ''	1
no , that ’ s not honest either .	you were the smartest guy .	0
wow , he 's really out .	wow , he 's really out of line .	1
you 're our guest today . now sit down .	we 'll just leave them to the tower with the clock out of the airport .	0
so is it like in yahtzee where you put the dice in the cup and you ...	so it 's like , like , a throwback where you put the dice in the cup and ...	1
but then that 's always been your problem , has n't it , jimmy ?	but that was always your problem .	1
you 're the man , moran .	if they tell you something else , they 're trying to turn you around .	0
you 're watching a world-class athlete at the top of his game .	drop it or i 'll pull it !	0
what ? ! no , cam , we deserve this .	no , cam , this is what we deserve .	1
i might be able to help you decide if you 'll let me know what it is . ''	if you could tell me what 's going on , i might be able to help you. ``	1
because i think their lives are in danger .	because i 'd say they 're in danger .	1
i 'll read the policy tomorrow .	sex life of us stayers is richer than most young minds think .	0
he unfortunately turned to the pastoral tradition and added the mawkishness of that silly conceit to his other extravagances .	i thought i smelled poo .	0
why would they ?	you know me .	0
cooler , i should hope .	you can also blow it up with a tube .	0
no , he was n't .	do you really want to go through all this ?	0
lancer . really ?	what do you like today , jay ?	0
i 'm just a simple businessman .	there 's a new pack on the upper shelf .	0
is this another noble , self-sacrificing gesture ?	another noble gesture of self-sacrifice ?	1
( sighs ) thank you .	come on , richard .	0
i 'll -- i 'll tell him that you 're coming down .	i had everything there .	0
the murmurs of the delegation supported his accusation .	i 'll be clear , james .	0
project statistics for '^1 '	`` you rested well ? ''	0
well , at least you ca n't hang a dead man . i 'm sorry , chuck .	well , you do n't hang a dead man .	1
those marked bills were scooped up .	these measures will not be maintained for longer than absolutely necessary , and in any event must be lifted after the removal of the deficiencies .	0
atmospheric entry , 78 seconds . picard :	i guess your husband does n't want you to come .	0
white count is high .	the white blood cell count is high .	1
our connection would 've been revealed , and emily would 've been exposed .	i 'm looking forward to it .	0
i do n't want you to think i 'm greedy .	i do n't want you to think i 'm butt-fed .	1
i honestly think you ought to sit down calmly ... ... take a stress pill and think things over .	you should sit ... ... take a pill to calm down and change your mind .	1
be half the man it takes to kill a beast ?	what do you want me to do ?	0
every time i talk to rachel , i tend to throw up in the back of my mouth . in my head , i was	every time i talk to rachel , it 's like throwing up in your mouth .	1
françois !	you can hardly find a bone that 's not broken .	0
‘ a magical bird that flies round the sun ? ’	`` the magic bird that flies past the sun ? ''	1
the bullets did n't finish him off , so the murderer hit him in the back of the head with some kind of club ?	the bullets did n't arrive , so the killer punched him in the head with a stick , right ?	1
is it his karma to be the spark that will light the powder keg ?	most of the cases relate to the erroneous application of eu environmental legislation , but some relate to non-implementation or inadequate transposition of directives into national law .	0
dj raj ?	hell , to be a doctor 's wife , that 's a joy , jack thought .	0
well , that was at your safety deposit box at the sunshine state bank and trust .	well , they were in the box office in the state bank of sunshine and trust .	1
what can i learn from you ?	what i can learn from you	1
quit runnin ' ! ... get out of there .	you said four years .	0
this is n't good .	that does n't look good .	1
the aurora vaccine was just a start .	aurora is just the beginning .	1
look in the back . thanks .	thank you .	1
maybe she spoke to a different god than them !	i do n't need a work permit .	0
fortunately , the net on level nine actually worked , spreading out beneath the mage just in time :	if you ca n't learn to ride elephants , you can learn how to ride a horse. ``	0
we used to go to the dances .	we used to dance .	1
you know , these cheetos are so crispy , yet airy .	you know , these cheetos are so crunchy , almost airy .	1
and for a bonus 250-250 ... you can sing it !	invalid escape sequence	0
that sounds like a pretty good option .	the body was never found .	0
get them to run a check on every black limousine rented or stolen in the last three days .	me too .	0
and for weeks he thinks he 's meeting with gilani and there is no gilani .	and for weeks he thought he was going to meet the dravanim and the daggers .	1
why do n't you pray for me too , fajas ?	you 're not praying for me , fajor ?	1
blessed are they that mourn they shall be comforted .	blessed be weeping , for they will be pleased .	1
in the decision that came from stuttgart , it is stated that your mother suffered from hereditary feeble-mindedness . that is not ...	from stuttgart 's report ... ... it says your mother was suffering from a hereditary weakness .	1
what do you mean ? you take four card .	look , we 're still moving .	0
error closing file descriptor : % s	error opening file : % s	1
that 's good news .	oh , baby , that 's good news .	1
an accident . or not .	that was an accident .	1
i 'm gon na move out .	no , that 's your job , right ?	0
this whole state of affairs where brennan just runs around fighting crime ?	i was ... right ...	0
i , uh , just sensed it . shit .	i just sensed it .	1
and they were many !	strong and crooked , as always .	0
i 'm up here , blanca .	no , i just know if i go to dash , he 'll make me feel better .	0
on the packaging containing cheese of the category ‘ grana padano ’	on packaging of cheeses falling within the category `` grana padano ''	1
i decided to tell him how i really feel .	i want to tell him how i feel .	1
the highway had become monotonous , lulling .	the ride along the highway was monotonous and tranquil .	1
first , the asbestos removal from the gym is taking longer than planned .	the removal of asbestos from the gym will take a long time .	1
shrinking budgets that are underway should be counterbalanced by other , commonly agreed , financial means ( 9 ) .	current cuts in budgets should be offset by other , jointly agreed funds ( 9 ) .	1
anyone who sets foot on his territory is killed on the spot !	anyone who enters its territory is killed at the scene !	1
you obviously disagree , and i 've no desire to quarrel with you .	he laughed and gripped her in an overwhelming embrace .	0
there were secondary explosions and then it subsequently all collapsed ... ... explosion blow and then it knocked everybody over .	there were several explosions , and then everything fell apart ... ... detonating an explosion that threw everyone away .	1
i will hear no more about it .	i 'm coming !	0
then i went to the pier in santa monica ... ..and started doing portraits therefor 10 cents apiece .	then at the marina in santa monica , i started painting portraits at 10 cents a piece .	1
`` howard - `` erika van smitt started pacifically .	if you do it again , you 'll have to take care of yourself .	0
chandler , this is will .	go home , braddock !	0
alec , i do need to hold your hand ; you are right :	p.s . if i do n't go back , take my car .	0
ladies . the stars ?	ladies ... see the stars .	1
the spider was surely long past due to die .	so , uh , what 's the plan ?	0
looking for girls ?	i screwed everything up for dinner , right ?	0
this is a problem since :	this poses a problem for the following reasons :	1
hippy , what 's the matter with you ?	uh , yeah , he did .	0
i 'm like , `` mom , do n't screw with my head .	kleitus ship landed .	0
he 's doing his best , but ... he ca n't be everywhere at once .	it 's working .	0
silk scarves ?	i remembered and remembered my life in a shadowy place called earth by its inhabitants .	0
if getting laid is a common initiation for boys in the frat ... then why not for us , right ?	even after all these years he seduced him .	0
a referencing service provider allows its clients to use signs which are identical with , or similar to , trade marks , without itself using those signs .	the search engine provider allows its customers to use the designation identical or similar to the marks , without using the designation itself .	1
yeah , while emily 's chosen to not follow through with her inevitable divorce , that has n't stopped me from proceeding with my own .	there will be food .	0
he 's always got some excuse .	he still has some excuses .	1
`` and without ekti , and without wasting any time . ''	okay , how about some numbness , what are you looking at ?	0
i mean , god , not only is that a filthy habit ,	it comes from a cow .	0
we got this guy who says our fugitive ... jumped him near eddyville , kentucky .	one guy says ... ... that our fugitive ambushed him in kentucky .	1
none of the teachers have mentioned it and i do n't recall anything in the scrolls . '	none of the teachers mentioned that , and there was no such thing in the scrolls. ``	1
had symbolic value , badge value .	if the psychopath lets us go , how will he escape from here ?	0
tell me your name again ... for the record .	raistlin tried to explain where she was going , but she simply could not understand .	0
you know , i had to do the same thing with my last boyfriend .	and so the first thing in which they decided to unite after the war was free health care ... ... for everyone .	0
it 's ok , i know you have to go .	they fired right in the back of the seat .	0
another series of instructions was tapped into the tricorderlike device , and her image vanished , only to be replaced by one of kirk himself .	the lawsuit must prove that stanton infeld killed gibson hawke .	0
give me an apple , bunny .	your legs are n't the problem , my dear .	0
come on , this is the part where you fuck him .	at quindt , this meant he was blindly following orders and doing what he was told , however distasteful and immoral he was .	0
the roboticist put a hesitant hand to his chin .	the roboticist held up his hand to the chin with a dubious gesture .	1
you will release the demigod !	you will release the half-deity .	1
that 's what i 'm talking about .	that 's what this is about .	1
what the fuck !	what the fuck is this ?	1
that 's all i 've got , 2,000 .	that 's all i have , two thousand .	1
i felt that ... to alarm the public , would only cause chaos and panic .	who watches him ?	0
not worth much compared to the diamonds in there .	so whether she fell , or ... well , what if we started up with the current situation ?	0
well , if you 're not willing to be totally honest with me , i 'm not comfortable moving forward .	is that what you 're gon na hold ?	0
now , here 's one ofour new movements .	well , you see , i 've known him since my third grade .	0
you did n't like meeting champ ?	according to the theater ?	0
she 's sending a car .	he should also bring them .	0
the scream might have been a spear driven through his body .	he could be a spear driven by his body .	1
she cracked .	thing , that 's it ?	0
if you like to whimper , we'il make you , for your last few days .	do you play nights ?	0
such developments raise doubts as to the permanent character of the ongoing fiscal consolidation .	she 's not going anywhere .	0
get some dirt on him .	oh , this !	0
these guys got off , right ? maybe there 's an angry girl out there looking for justice . the kind virgil downing can deliver .	what kind of stupid question is that ?	0
if he wins , he 'd put me on staff .	president ford is coming to visit our beautiful city .	0
are they really going to throw tea into boston harbor ? ''	do they really want to throw bundles of tea into the sea at boston bay ? ``	1
just wanted to make sure .	i just wanted to be sure .	1
i offer $ 400,000 . $ 400,000 !	i 'm offering 400,000 .	1
“ magma dome , ” the pilot said .	`` because i lived in these mountains like a little child before you came to expel us .	0
first , in the present case there is no contractual relationship between tv2 and the persons paying the licence fee .	in the first place , there is no contractual relationship between tv2 and the payer 's licence fee payer .	1
i had one .	no , i wo n't tell you our password .	0
i wondered , will you be examining the miners on rigel xil ?	will you investigate the miners on rigel xii ?	1
just go on ! pretend he got me .	pretend he got me .	1
canino , the watchdog , was taking her out for air .	but it helped .	0
no , i 'm the man !	i was n't on a date with anyone .	0
look , i think mr. wilder is a great man , okay ?	i think mr. wilder is a great man .	1
another street kid .	street guy .	1
there was a complication .	you were friends with the underworld element ?	0
get rid of the signs and you ’ ve got a deal .	get rid of the sign and we 've got a deal .	1
and i 'm ready to go home and set the record straight .	search for the grail .	0
( 2 ) oj l 55 , 29.2.2000 , p. 3 .	that 's what climate does .	0
savoring each breath as if it were your last ?	she continued to push the bed .	0
they 're moving out , i think .	they 're coming out , i think .	1
dismayed by the sudden death of pope	but , uh , you know , i 'm working on that , and i 'm upgrading the condition .	0
i always thought that we had one and maybe ... ... thought you might 've felt the same .	i thought it was , and maybe you could see it the same way .	1
and then i discovered something .	`` how lucky you were to have a rope ! ''	0
just when sturm got flint calmed down , an elflord appeared out of nowhere and accused tasslehoff of stealing his purse .	when sturm managed to reassure flint , an elven master appeared , accusing tasslehoff of stealing his wallet .	1
az öblítés folytatása .	sv utrym froådet .	1
this has been done – subject to safeguards concerning good management - in cases where only one member state has an interest in the fishery .	if there 's anything i can do ...	0
all away personnel have been notified to return to the ship as soon as possible .	hunter , walking in front , knelt on the sidewalk .	0
be here till chinese new year waiting for my man to cry .	i 'm going to have to wait until the chinese new year .	1
you 're not normally this interesting .	and guess where .	0
even the robot erasmus had requested skilled laborers for modifications to his villa ... and iblis saw potential advantages there .	even erasmus had requested a team of skilful workers for the adjustments of their villa , and iblis could immediately see the potential tactical advantages .	1
and you ? ”	sir , you ca n't ignore that kind of pain and hope that he 'll be ticked .	0
he stuck his nose in the air and giggled .	he puffed on his nose .	1
rohit , one minute .	rohit , wait a minute .	1
his trail will lead us to a nest of communists ... ... that will make the rosenbergs look like ma and pa kettle .	his path will lead us to the nest of the communists ... ... the security of rosenberg as mama and daddy kettleons .	1
so what michaels had in mind was to find the house , hide somewhere he could watch it , and wait .	once we 're ready to settle the next planetary system , we 'll have to go through change .	0
some change in the air attenuated the midnight of the catacombs .	some change in the air seemed to lessen the midnight darkness of the catacombs .	1
`` i confess that it is not the situation which i should like to see a sister of mine apply for . ''	yeah , man !	0
( laughing ) ( cars honking ) no matter , daytime have won , which meant for james , there could only be one post-match drink .	we 're talking about you , mrs. kovacs . come in .	0
yo , when 's martin coming on , man ?	hey , when do they get martin ?	1
surf and rockabilly , dick dale , and trying to absorb everything .	from the surf , across rockabilly , to dick dale , we tried everything .	1
i looked back at my own small , solitary scar - and remembered how i 'd received it .	theo will never hire anyone who he ca n't talk to .	0
it 's flying to belfast monday ...	i 'm sure he 's harmless .	0
you 're mr what's-his-name from knox .	no , but i think you 'll wish you were , you were elected to marry her .	0
she nodded and left the bridge without a backward glance .	she nodded and walked off the bridge without looking back .	1
sure , no problem .	no problem !	1
that 's broke . that 's broke .	please come this way ! '	0
er , pull up a chair , irving ; sit down with us here .	sit down . sit down .	1
me either , but we 'll be in a situation where it 's either us or them ,	actually , it seems like a good sign .	0
i 'll see him well satisfied .	mom is visiting an aromatherapy seminar .	0
only this time ... ... you 're gon na do it for me .	today , the marketplace is overcrowded .	0
look at you , james dean . - patrick sr. :	expected as : 3.03.40 min .	0
in particular , vulnerable customer should benefit from special schemes , if necessary to ensure customer protection .	you have a million .	0
i just came around myself .	you see , he 's gone .	0
transfers , noise reduction , image stabilization and color correction are all performed at one workplace under the strictest control possible .	i know someone who knows her , but i 've never spoken to her .	0
all right , look , i 'm a guy that can get things , right ?	do you want me to sign something ?	0
i mean some kind of normal schedule .	doctor , we got a crime scene report ready .	0
let 's get back home !	let 's go home .	1
is stan there ? - yeah , he 's been there an hour .	you just bought yourself a ticket back to the vending machine , one way .	0
taking his money is n't gon na make what he did to dad any worse .	\ h on html mode output ( now % s )	0
so this time we 're supposed to believe them .	so this time , we have to trust them .	1
okay . we bet- what time is it ?	what time is it ?	1
toujeo is a clear insulin .	i think you 're taking this bad girl thing a little too seriously .	0
# life is like a mountain railway # with an engineer that 's brave	bart , you have n't touched your porridge .	0
he keeps wanting to spoon-feed me , and then making these weird airplane noises .	reynolds and maynard , they both owned stores for household goods ?	0
i myself became acutely aware of the smell of `` rotten eggs . ''	i suddenly realised the smell of `` rotten eggs . ''	1
`` imagine my surprise , though , when someone came running forth to greet me ! ''	i think the police will need her as much as possible .	0
so i thought we 'd catch a matinee at the ziegfeld ... ... before heading to blondies to watch villanova whoop ass on notre dame .	# all these riches telling lies for the fame and fortune #	0
mr. paris , what are the currentsurface conditions near the shuttle ?	mr. paris , how are weather conditions near the shuttlecraft ?	1
he hangs naked from his feet in the piazza de ] duomo , his body riddled , his tongue nailed to his head .	call my parents . they 'll take care of you .	0
but you ca n't give it to her if you keep going off on these paranoid fantasies about roger .	but you wo n't be able to give it if you continue to continue your paranoia about roger .	1
tom , should n't you put some clothes on while you 're doing that ?	they come together often on trips to the alps .	0
'no need to get tetchy , ' said boillard seeton , stepping back .	a special team from washington is coming here , but before they arrive , you 'll be assisting us .	0
hey , nadya . i hope you have finished shooting at me !	looks like a new one .	0
jair led , the light of the vision crystal sustained by his voice , scattering the shadows before them .	jair went first , keeping the light in the crystal with his chant , thus spreading the shadows in front of them .	1
what ? can not be fall in love ?	what , i ca n't fall in love ?	1
`` according to my brother . billy . who 's in college ... becoming a man means you 're ready to take on certain responsibilities .	it 's will .	0
we were supposed to talk to pistolero together after he got done fucking .	he 's in the cafeteria for lunch .	0
never mind . did you pack the adapters for italy ?	did you pack adapters ?	1
and he was a very distinguished gentleman , and was kind enough to leave a little testimonial , which he managed with	and he was a very noble gentleman and he was kind enough to leave the little present that he passed	1
was it a trick of this damn light ? he wondered .	was it a trickle of light ? he wondered .	1
i 'll mention the idea of you and charlie .	i 'm gon na mention you and charlie .	1
vuk went to the market ? why ?	vuk was shopping ?	1
you 're not all that attractive when you 're grumpy .	you 're not pleasant when you 're so grumpy .	1
not at all the sort who 'd murder his wife .	far from the type who would have murdered his wife .	1
two daughtersat mount holyoke .	two daughters on mount holyoke .	1
quarter past ten	it may be that the child is simply deaf .	0
he grunted as the knife was slowly withdrawn from his shoulder , and he felt the blood welling in the blade 's wake .	he grunted as someone slowly drew his knife from his shoulder , and he could feel the blood running out of the wound .	1
i say he for convenience , domenick was sure it was a woman who had led us there .	why would i have to talk in a completely humiliating uniform ?	0
if it is comical , she'il think you a clown .	i 'm leaving for tuscon tomorrow , and i thought he should know what first .	0
uh ...	the interested parties must be sure whether the financial coverage of eur 107 million will be provided in the form of a subsidy or loan .	0
huh ? it is a fair contract .	his mind , however , dealt with a controlled shot and what the warhead would do with them all if it exploded .	0
in previous conversations , you told me that you never wanted to return to afghanistan .	but not until he eats his food his mom was preparing for 4 hours .	0
that night , we got the call .	we got a text that night .	1
that 's what the psych boys call them .	do n't do it .	0
not the smartest thing i ever did , but my real-estate adviser was my penis .	it 's very cold .	0
ava ...	grozny has only apologized to her twice .	0
the dwarves stamped and whistled , most climbing up on the stone benches .	the dwarves stamped , squealed , and flew to the stone benches .	1
i just need to send a quick e-mail	first plea in law : breach of the fundamental right to house freedom by failing to apply for prior judicial authorisation .	0
enjoy the delights of rome .	enjoy the beauty of rome .	1
no conventional greetings today ?	i shot him in the face with the gun you held .	0
his poor kid 's so young .	if you divide by 1 over and , you get a `` a , '' you get 1 over ( and 2 ) .	0
i am half god , once removed on my mother 's side , rightful ruler of egypt , future ruler of ...	what are you doing with him ?	0
i love it when i 'm right .	i like being right .	1
we wo n't let that happen .	we 're not gon na let anything like that happen .	1
yep . they 're communists , you know ?	yes , they are communists .	1
after pie and coffee the grownups left william in charge of nellie and retired to the parlor .	nothing is so homemade , like boxes and top lighting .	0
calm down , boy . stop . stop .	calm down , kid .	1
i 'm being fucking serious , man .	without a word of explanation simon ran past the doctor and headed down the corridor toward the office door .	0
i do n't know . let me go .	we should be worried about her .	0
i , uh , i got to go pick up jenna .	then he noticed that the men were wearing chains on their necks , and bloody scars all over their bodies .	0
it lasted under five confused and bloody minutes .	it 's yours .	0
well , man i think it looks pretty sexy	dude , i think they 're pretty hot .	1
`` well , i did get a call from the medical examiner . ''	`` well , just a doctor 's call . ''	1
okay , i 'm picturing a little boy .	okay , i 'm showing a little boy .	1
vodka ?	in those cases , the hours worked are entitled to leave during the working day .	0
even french poodles , i can hear them .	yeah , and i hear the french poodles .	1
l-i-v-e , live .	he lives with his grandfather ?	0
`` to my brother , budd . the only man i ever loved . bill . ''	how many ways there is a way to pick a three-person lead from 9 people ?	0
he moved toward the room 's entrance , than stopped and looked back at darsha .	what do you say if i give you the same offer ?	0
the word `` poison '' flashed through her mind , and she was pleased with herself for making the connection .	the word `` poison '' flashed through her mind , and she was pleased that she had found it so quickly .	1
damn , if it ai n't little -- talk to me any way you please but this is my daughter , so watch your language !	all right , i want everyone in the subway ... even from the supermarket , i want to see them all again .	0
do you need some money franky ?	do you need any money , frank ?	1
i lost some credibility after my last book `` foretold dreadful..	unfortunately , i lost my trust after the last book .	1
look at her , living this perfect life up here , with a view of the park and everything .	whispering .	0
i do n't talk to no crime fetish bloggers .	i 'm not talking to any bloggers who write about crimes .	1
`` my generation of too many choices '' ?	has `` generation full of many possibilities '' ?	1
we normally care more about well , how many times does it go into it .	normally we 're more concerned about how many times it 's going to fit .	1
i do n't know who you are . - you are not the man that i married .	you 're not the one i married .	1
and tame the cunt !	cross-process developmental diagram template	0
via mantegna 11 , i-35019 tombolo largant laurent les rendusses maze , france j .	a black incisive rod protruded out of them ... black rust .	0
at the beginning , the institution mainly provided social services , although later a clearly medical function predominated .	initially , it mainly provided social services , but it was later transported unequivocally by health .	1
the object of this course is to view phenomena through the lens of faith .	what makes us all ?	0
am i in the long one or the short one ? ca n't tell .	the present is short or long ?	1
| ms europol | assessment report | 26 .	| additional reporting | 26 .	1
ah , sheriff , glad you could finally make it .	sheriff , i 'm glad it 's finally worked out for you .	1
`` you got that right , techboy . ''	`` you 're right , kid . ''	1
he wo n't survive .	and wo n't she be safe for one night ?	0
the seminal joke about dobel is the old one-liner .	east european languages ( 1250 )	0
no one else involved .	but he could do magic with the numbers not so easily programmed into a computer .	0
you love max . it 's right .	are you seeing anyone ?	0
yeah , i hate it when that happens .	yeah , i hate that , too .	1
now , you tell him that prison might have been a nightmare , but me , i am fucking horrendous !	tell him it may have been bad in jail , but i 'm a fucking monster !	1
he would collect these pictures from magazines .	he took out pictures from the magazines .	1
just plain white with the flags . ooh !	`` do you understand that , hendrick ? ''	0
you know , i usedto have a friend who lived there .	a friend of mine lived there .	1
you saw right , the bruises that time .	you saw them then , those bruises .	1
anybody else want to scrap with the champs ?	his human name was still hard to read , though she knew what pain his elven name was .	0
every time you say something like that ,	every time you say something like that , i begin my diet .	1
`` even when it 's not shouting . ''	`` even if they do n't roar . ''	1
it is him !	yeah , that 's him !	1
i 'd like to acknowledge that paul watson understands his miranda rights by law .	you 're probably saying that the unit i led	0
rolling-mill machinery ; roller tables for feeding and removing products ; tilters and manipulators for ingots , balls , bars and slabs other :	do you really think we 'll spend the next seven weeks strolling around and collecting garbage ?	0
i rose at 5:30 this morning and did all the housework before 8:00 , including taking wendy her breakfast in bed .	picture b .	0
go fuck yourself !	you walked to the door .	0
it was the nerve center of the entire construct ; it was where he had dared to set in motion the final stages of his plan .	find the cut-off muscles .	0
so , when we pull up , two of my guys are going to escort you inside .	so , when we stop , the two of my men escort you in .	1
what happened ? ah , boy .	what happened ?	1
this is why i waited to tell you .	see , that 's why i waited before i told you .	1
could you show me how to operate this ? - what would you like ?	we ca n't just walk in and start shooting .	0
so , what 's on your mind ? we 've been on the wrong track this whole time , doctor , you and i .	we 've been looking in the wrong direction , all this time , doctor , you and i .	1
now , you tell me that the real world is a realm of spectres and jack o'lanterns .	`` of course he means well .	0
wonder about sarah all night ?	to marvel at sarah all night ?	1
borlotti beans/cannelini beans/common beans/flageolets/french beans/slicing beans/snap beans phaseolus vulgaris ( any subspp . and var . )	phaseolus vulgaris ( all subspp . a var . )	1
where you calling from tonight ?	don , the party is from two .	0
urban dictionary says that 's a street name for crack .	go to the hotel .	0
now that i was closer–and my eyes felt oddly in focus–i analyzed the short , dark man 's face .	she had blood on her legs .	0
try again !	you 're welcome .	0
jarre hesitated , gulped , and hugged her shawl closely around her .	jarre hesitated , swallowed , and tightened the scarf tighter around her body .	1
come on , boy .	it 's a clear issue .	0
that was exactly how white haven had reached basilisk in time to keep giscard from taking out the terminus there when he 'd raided that system .	that 's how white haven got into the basilisk just in time to prevent giscard from taking over when he took on the system .	1
let 's talk at the police station . what for ?	thirty years ago , it happened in a subway disaster .	0
well , my boyfriend did .	i mean , my friend had him .	1
measurements shall be taken after wattage values are stable over a three-minute period .	how long have you two been dating ?	0
you got three bells to get inside .	mldonkey interface for kde	0
will somebody call my mother ?	i tried so hard to sell joel bluebell ... ... that i did n't sell joel bluebell !	0
several important laws are yet to be adopted in the energy sector , which continues to face serious problems .	until now , some important legislation in the energy sector which has consistently faced serious problems has not been adopted .	1
... is what i want to say .	the submissions to the proceedings were delivered to the parties , which submitted observations within the prescribed time limits .	0
but will you help me do battle for tom and the baby if the time comes ? of course .	she 's got a teleport .	0
stragen stepped up and effortlessly lifted her up into , the carriage .	stragen stepped in and gently lifted her into the carriage .	1
catching her the old man helped her to the chair by the fire .	he supported her and helped her into the chair by the fire .	1
captain , can i talk to you ?	can i talk to you ?	1
no , i want him discounted from this investigation immediately .	release him from the investigation immediately .	1
a once disciple of angleton and coordinator of clandestine operations until i was fired .	one of angleton 's enthusiastic admirers and covert ops coordinator until they fired me .	1
prince of the land of stench .	i 'll take it for $ 50,000 .	0
i told you .	madam , i told you .	1
'it 's a trick ! '	`` a trick ! ''	1
how about if i tell you there 's no pork roast left over from yesterday ?	what if i tell you there 's no pork from last night ?	1
you pay well and you pay promptly , so we 'll continue together .	you pay well and immediately , so ... ... we 'll continue .	1
this may be due to the debug mode being set to no , change it to something else .	this may be due to the setting of the debug mode on the no , to change it to a different value .	1
christ ...	i , colonel kroog ... will provide your security .	0
we ca n't make the switch .	we ca n't make the exchange .	1
i 'm sick of worrying .	look , sheriff , i ...	0
instead , torches flared at every booth and stall and light blared forth from the open doorways of the inns .	instead , a torch appeared at each stall and shed , and another light came out of the open two-state taverns .	1
i do n't have to take care of him anymore .	how should it be ?	0
we ca n't have toys out on the market that may be dangerous .	you did n't say anything and you went straight to bed .	0
you said she was going to eat us !	you said he wanted to eat us two !	1
yes . bruce , if you want to save the world you have to start trusting it .	bruce , if you want to save the world , you should start to believe me .	1
but it does n't make me not want to do it .	do you even understand your own threats ?	0
you definitely need a bottle opener .	( no picture )	0
integer between 0 and 255 . 0 -32 reserved .	numbers 0 to 32 are reserved .	1
now he understood why tyl was second in command .	she 's not the one i want to be .	0
hey , sam and i broke up . i , uh ...	you 're wasting their time , because this house is never gon na happen .	0
richard dawkins thought intelligent design might be a legitimate pursuit ?	richard dawkins thinks the id could be legitimate research ?	1
a range of implementing acts and delegated acts were subsequently adopted in the course of 2014 for each fund .	subsequently , a series of implementing acts and delegated acts were adopted during 2014 .	1
so i guess you guys all heard .	come on , at least a glass of milk .	0
`` we know about that , sir .	kenneth , it 's wonderful for you to come back .	0
that 's you on the first day of school .	lian -- chue , say goodbye , we 're just stalling .	0
look , i dragged her into this , i pulled her into the sunlight .	look , i brought her into the light .	1
and will , i mean ...	they came to be known as `` copy number . ''	0
i know you want to do the whole dramatic stare-down thing , but i-i ca n't take you seriously in this getup , buddy .	the sight of her seemed to look at the long filthy mirror that someone had wiped .	0
you 're the one leading a pack of superwolves .	`` i want to escape and die .	0
february ( 02 )	vasaris ( 02 )	1
i-i do n't think it 's a crazy theory .	i ... i do n't think it 's crazy .	1
i do n't know , watching a henry moore sculpture but a little bit out of focus , you know ?	i do n't know , i 'm watching a statue of henry moore , but i 'm kind of without him , you know ?	1
a shifter kicks my fucking ass , and those two cocksuckers give me fanger blood ?	the shifter kicked my ass , and the two fags gave me vampire blood .	1
least of all by baron fell himself , mark gathered .	last night was a piece of art for a million dollars , and today it 's junk .	0
* from my bureau . *	he shifted .	0
i really genuinely love this person-	i genuinely love that girl .	1
`` now will you riddle me your words ? '' he said .	`` will you explain your words to me now ?	1
she can do a frontal lobotomy ?	i 've been looking everywhere ...	0
you could n't carry the guilt of what you did to those two women all by yourself ,	you could n't bear the blame for what you did to the two women .	1
you know ... everybody trusts him . everybody .	you know , everyone trusts him , me too .	1
i told the mayor i 'd take the lead on this case .	i told the mayor i 'd be in charge .	1
what about ... ?	all of you !	0
you got your own squad on center street .	thanks , dev .	0
and the white boy witness motherfucker ... i want him taken care of too .	until now , he 's never told anyone `` champion . ''	0
do you think there 's a chance that cammy and i can still be friends ? yeah , totally .	do you think there 's a chance we 'll still be friends with cam ?	1
mr. powers , my job is to acclimatize you to the nineties .	mr. powers , my job is to accentuate you in the '90s .	1
`` they would n't do that unless somebody gave them an official reason to . ''	that was a love novel , it was a love novel .	0
sir ... in lieu of the fact that karen was right , you might wan na reconsider your punitive stance towards her .	i 'm not holding anything .	0
'as you can read from the book , the offending organism is called hepatocystis . '	`` as you can read in the book , the body that attacked the liver is called hepatocystis . ''	1
avoiding death-penalty cases saves the city millions of dollars .	yeah , we 'll be close ...	0
i do not wish to fight you ... but i will not leave the empire ... at the mercy of an unscrupulous charlatan !	but you did n't give it to her ?	0
your fire 's getting puny .	you have a fire extinguishing .	1
some guys , they do n't keep their promises .	the asteroid would fly around the solar system .	0
suddenly arutha understood this man .	then arutha understood this man .	1
yes ... very .	very .	1
and after 13 days , let that person resume kira 's job	give it to him for 13 days , let kira continue the work i 've started .	1
`` the high clouds will dissipate soon , '' said rainspot .	`` the clouds will be broken up in a minute , '' said rainspot .	1
perhaps it 's time we brought in young harker .	langdon stared at the cobblestones .	0
just know , mr jackson , i 'm the one that makes the threats around here .	for grinding for droughts other only on a sheet of paper , cardboard or paperboard :	0
jedi census phenomenon	then i 'm not a doctor .	0
it could be… viral , environmental , something they were eating… we were eating .	it could have been a virus , an environment , something they ate .	1
she went to the door at a run , and reached it as the spicy summer wind died away .	she ran to the entrance and ran to him just as the perfumed summer wind ceased .	1
do n't have sex until you 're in love .	can you two stop talking like that ?	0
it was a good day .	ralph rolled to his stomach .	0
it 's me , larry babitz .	larry babitz .	1
smile .	smile , you 're at smiley !	1
think backto what she said .	think again what she told you .	1
hi ! y¡¯know , we were just talking about bacon .	the catamaran and smaller vessels were carrying visitors to the channel and across the spanish lake ( a blind shoulder of guadalquiviru ) .	0
we eating ?	will you eat ?	1
what you do n't want to do right now is pull some doctor-patient crap , 'cause this man was murdered .	what you do n't want to do is try something crazy about us because this man was murdered .	1
your kidding . business ?	no , he 's kidding .	1
they were so very low , not just because of me ... but because my brother was born with his heart outside of his body .	there were a lot of bad things , not just for me ... but for my brother , who was born with a heart out of his body .	1
my friendship and esteem is boundless .	what exactly are the elements of harmony ?	0
`` just watch what happens `` when i throw it out of the window of a moving vehicle .	do you know who would have followed him ?	0
so what 's up ?	so what 's going on ?	1
captain , i want a prelaunch briefing .	please , let me say good-bye .	0
uh-huh . yeah , if i was one of their victims ... i 'd do pretty much anything to call attention to this .	yeah , if i were one of their victims , i 'd probably do anything to alert him .	1
they felt terrible about breaking your mirror .	they felt bad that you broke the mirror .	1
uh , yeah , i do .	well , you were the closest one .	0
we 'll do the deal ... ... then i disappear .	mara 's silly song lulled and her thoughts began to break .	0
i know i ca n't do it	they still do n't respond .	0
`` you claim you do .	`` you said you did .	1
but if i do n't make my wishes , you 'll never go back inside .	but if i do n't wish for nothing , you 'll never come back .	1
tell us one about the fire beast of sullus .	you were born of a jackal .	0
i know . let 's go sledding . - yeah .	let 's go sledding .	1
maybe there 's a way , jessie .	maybe we can see each other after work .	0
when do we start this clambake ?	come on , let 's both go .	0
tell chef i said thanks . - of course , sir .	a substantial effort was put in place in 2006 .	0
`` -japanese , '' norris said .	but now it was bel 's turn to stare in disbelief at ekaterin .	0
the venom that was found inside her system turned out to be from an incredibly rare south american spider called the ...	he enters our lives because he loves us , he 's good .	0
you got to help me !	quinn , you and i are in two different places , too remote to be able to work out .	0
at all ?	completely ?	1
i 'm the manager of this band - if it 's about me , he 'll talk to me , nobody else .	i 'm the manager of this group - as far as i 'm concerned , he 's supposed to talk to me and to no one else .	1
it seems a great shame that an important man would want to make a fool out of a fellow countryman - an unimportant man ! '	i think it 's a shame to have an important man to make a fool of a peasant - an altogether unimportant man ! '	1
bring her out !	bring her in .	1
gyoko 's eyes were on the incense stick .	gyoko kept her eyes out of the smouldering fragrance .	1
we 'll be going in our new shuttlecraft .	we 'll fly there in the new shuttlecraft .	1
the mix of usability will be complemented with a high-category hotel and cultural and sport facilities .	the mix of usability will also make the hotel a higher category and spaces for cultural and sporting enjoyment .	1
the commission , by decision 2004/600/ec ( 6 ) accepted the undertaking offered by the exporting producer concerned .	but if you have a direct line on the angels you 're looking for ...	0
it is a beautiful day here at epsom salts and bifrost never looked lovelier . ''	we have a really nice day here , and i can tell you that bifrost has never looked better.. . '	1
i 'm sure uncle teddy did , too .	all places in the radiation facility shall be filled with test specimens or spare pieces in order to ensure a uniform distribution of temperature .	0
from there the power was spreading far and wide , and away far east and south there were wars and growing fear .	how could it be that mayu was hacked by a drunk driver ?	0
'how did you meet ? '	`` how did you meet ? ''	1
john rambo is a vietnam veteran , belongs to the `` green berets '' , has the medal of honor and is a war hero .	john rambo is a vietnam veteran , he 's a green beret , he 's got a medal of honor from congress .	1
i wish she were dead .	i want her to die .	1
blondi , her eyes stricken and bewildered , looked as if she was going to be sick .	yes , i agree with the children .	0
my mother got tuberculosis and ...	my mother got ... t-t-tuberculosis .	1
frau ericka mueliler has sent a cable from berlin , saying that she will be in paris and that she has put on five kilos .	mrs erika mendler sends a telegram from berlin , writes that she will arrive and that she has gained five pounds .	1
well , call it what you will ...	well , call it what you want .	1
you 've become the young me of the past .	you 've become my younger self in the past .	1
i said , are you making fun of our town ?	i have news , prince zuko , but i do n't think you 'll be happy .	0
i 've just got a feeling i need to go there .	and i apologize for my rude language .	0
home old projects ústí - a living region news druhé číslo elektronického čtvrtletníku `` ústecko - živý region ii ''	home news second number of electronic quarter-flyers `` ústí - a living region ii ''	1
by its first question the national court wishes to find out whether reasons must be given for a decision not to carry out an environmental impact assessment .	i 'm sorry , sir , but she did n't survive .	0
this oil bath is going to feel so good .	an astute oil bath !	1
in here , in this wittelsbacher palais , or having my family arrested .	`` i think if we come through the side door , we 'll raise less attention . ''	0
it follows a global therapeutic approach that embraces the individual as a whole taking into consideration both the personality and the body .	his essence is a global therapeutic approach to the individual as a whole , and deals with a person 's personality and personality .	1
conversion from character set ' % s ' to ' % s ' is not supported	who are we ?	0
listen , someday i 'd like you to meet my mother .	there 's a problem with the frequency bandwidth sensor .	0
tell him i 'll meet him half way .	why is it so much ?	0
they already handed out the girls ' medals this morning .	the girls were given medals in the morning .	1
`` if you wanted to make the evacuation system inoperable , how would you go about it ? ''	why this cave ?	0
they say when there 's no clear option , - the best thing is to do nothing . - we 're at war .	team relocations did not participate in the anti-competitive meetings during which the overall anti-competitive scheme was agreed .	0
you mean some preparatory sketches ?	do you mean any preliminary sketches ?	1
that 's none of your business . oh , my god , you have n't .	and charlotte ?	0
no , i do n't know what the fuck your saying .	very expensive . $ 2 million new dollar .	0
that 's just a physical law of the universe .	megan , it 's me .	0
yes . that 's exactly what they 'd say .	yes , that 's what he said .	1
if you 're here to do business , we could make an appointment for tomorrow .	reynolds ?	0
uh , the lab results from andy 's blood came in .	the right hand tightened .	0
this is what i was concerned about , christopher , the loss of focus .	or something happened .	0
and a man hath no greater thing under the sun , but eat , drink and be merry .	and one has no bigger thing under the sun than food , drink and being happy .	1
i can see you smiling , convinced that nothing ... can surprise you any more .	i see some of you laughing with confidence that you ca n't be surprised any more .	1
oh , and-and can you go around back and and check the other pool cover ?	can you get around it and look at the back of the pool ?	1
the sanitary installations shall be in close proximity to the accommodation .	and la caramba !	0
hell , no . you ?	i 'm sure sario donati should have something to say .	0
grow through your mistakes . and know that if patient , redemption will find you .	manufacturer orphan europe sarl immeuble `` le wilson '' 70 avenue du general de gaulle f-92 800 puteaux france	0
yes , little jack would n't stop crying so i gave him some hugs and i let him watch tv .	tears splattered in inflatable mattresses in the back of the van .	0
the following pictogram is hot-branded on the outer skin of presunto do alentejo or paleta do alentejo :	i guess we came to a peaceful solution .	0
`` study . . : ' tanis repeated .	they 're still looking for some fucking corporations to add to their deck of cards .	0
'he wanted an honourable death , such as his family was denied - by that honour he would redeem them in exchange .	your mothers are n't here to take care of you .	0
i know the two of you have spoken , but have you heard about who she is , what she does ?	i know you two were talking , but you heard about who he really is and what he 's doing ?	1
you got some nerve walking in here after that stunt .	karen finally persuaded her mother to sell the house and i was released on bail .	0
was n't i talking ? - you were , yes .	i was n't talking ?	1
let me see , did you hurt yourself ?	caroline , call mr. cassidy .	0
you touch that dragon , and i 'll -- - you 'll what ?	touch the dragon , and i 'll ...	1
aah ! - joy , get up !	joy , get up .	1
i look at it as the biggest thrill of my life pretty much !	`` i have my superiors in the ministry of security , then , to say you have no regrets , and you would sell your country again ? ''	0
`` i sip it , feel the boiling in my chest and throat but manage to avoid another round of coughing .	so , how are you ?	0
you want to wrestle with zozo ?	it 's beautiful . it 's kind of patriotic .	0
we should leave , now !	we should go now .	1
koris can not — ''	koris can't- ``	1
it means i found a way out !	that means i found my way out .	1
bison glared at him .	towel !	0
and then you can take the money and tara and the boys and get out of charming .	yeah , it 's in my pocket .	0
not a chance , boss .	no way , boss .	1
some idea , some hint , as it were , slipped , something awful , hideous , and suddenly understood on both sides ... .	there was a thought , a kind of confession , something dreadful , abominable , yet at the same time understood by both sides ...	1
it comprises the residual portion after the cryoprecipitate has been removed .	it includes a share remaining after the removal of the cryoprecipitate .	1
mister rob anybody feegle and sundry others ? said one of the figures in a voice of dread .	yeah , but you forget you have a second reservation with jenny swanson .	0
`` as he has disfigured a man , so shall he be disfigured . ''	`` one who has made a man , he will be disfigured . ''	1
last summer , my sister took a totally humiliating photo of me .	last summer my sister took me in an awkward situation .	1
down , therefore , and beg mercy of the duke .	on your knees , begging for mercy .	1
tell her what a great guy i am ... ... how cool it is for her to be with me .	he put your face in the fire as if you were a nice , juicy mutt .	0
for the war effort , do i hear 20 pounds ?	let 's start with you , congressman bachmann .	0
clemmie , for heaven 's sake .	clemmie , for the love of god .	1
yes , good morning .	yes , good day .	1
a moment later he 's talking to doc amberson .	he 's talking to dr. amberson in a minute .	1
list of expenses . house has been very busy .	it 's middlesex .	0
my dad drinks too much , as your father 's yours . but my dad lives in leith , which is a bit different than in canada .	it 's the easiest way through paris , 'esteban said .	0
wait ! geronimo !	geronimo !	1
i 'll see court-martialed any man who does n't kill him cleanly with the first shot .	the man : what they like to do is take the absurd idea , and they present this idea utterly ( everyone laughing )	0
i see you 're using the child snatchers as a pretext to lock up children ... without a trial .	he hurled it against the far wall , beside which he lay silent .	0
perhaps if you would allow me	your mother is over there .	0
is the climate .	you 're exaggerating !	0
55 however , it can not but be noted that no such formal request was ever made in the present case .	55 however , it must be held that such a formal application has never been lodged in the present case .	1
what 's up ? botwin , you do not ever ask a commanding officer what 's up .	botwin , the commanding officer never asks what he is .	1
my husband he is always lucky .	to my husband to be so lucky .	1
as a result , italian students ’ scores in the program for international student assessment are significantly lower than those of their counterparts in many other oecd countries .	the balance of italian students in the assessment of pisa is therefore significantly worse than the results of their counterparts among many other oecd countries .	1
capitain kuchiki . he seemed to be close to vice-capitain abarai , he even called him by his first name .	the baby 's voice .	0
i 'm not part of his war .	students even did homework , almost undisturbed during his lectures .	0
'dozo , '' she said , gesturing inside .	'dozo , 'she said , gesturing in .	1
the invisible man did .	the invisible man walked away .	1
real hard .	very heavy .	1
by the time we are ready to settle even the nearest other planetary systems , we will have changed .	`` i certainly should n't have kept grant , '' he said finally , `` when ari and i fought .	0
( all relevant approvals for each subject must be included )	find buckman , take him out of the torpedo .	0
the present srt tsi refers to this essential requirement in sections 4.2.5.7 communication means on trains and 4.2.5.8 emergency brake override .	should n't we try this one more time ?	0
it does look a little neglected .	she seems a little neglected .	1
seems like a very twisted way to test a woman 's commitment .	it seems like a very good way to test a woman 's loyalty .	1
in time , she 'll recognise she 's just not the mothering kind , and then barbara will be there to comfort her .	in time , she realizes that she is simply not a parent , and then there will be barbara to comfort her .	1
he tried the hi-band .	he tried a high-frequency band .	1
`` she 's come to rely on you for a lot more than your insight into grayson politics , and you know it . ''	are you gon na stick that napkin in your ass ?	0
eight years and the prick tops himself .	eight years and the jerk will hang himself .	1
i crashed , went straight to bed .	the reptiles attacked again .	0
but you didn ’ t give it to her ?	the network % 1 contains one or more domain controllers , but it is not connected by any network connections .	0
how much pain can i experience at home with spaghetti carbonara and das boot ?	how much pain can i possibly have at home in the clutter of spaghetti carbonara and das boot ? ( war film )	1
now tell me , what 's all this ? ''	i 'll make a coffee for you at nine , i 'll put it on the table .	0
are there more of you ? how many ?	is there more ?	1
i thought you had somewhere to go , like home .	i thought you had a place to go , maybe home .	1
the man who had been arguing with the woman ; stared at randy as he entered the bar .	lancers , oratory ?	0
let her go free .	we 'll let her go .	1
i 'd heard rumours that he was about to regain consciousness and i wanted to find out if they were true .	i heard he was conscious , so i wanted to find out if it was true .	1
and anyone on watch is likely to be exhausted and at the end of a shift .	and anyone on patrol will probably be exhausted and at the end of their shift .	1
but we 've got an opportunity	`` an artist ?	0
rosen is waiting outside .	that i had nothing to do with it .	0
were you too drunk to `` begin the search for the cocoon ... '' - cocoon . ... that will one day release your butterfly '' ?	you were so drunk to `` start looking for a weasel ... '' - larv ... . `` will your butterfly be free '' ?	1
there was one second , hardly more than a heartbeat , in which harry knew there was something terribly wrong and slughorn , it seemed , did not .	after a second , no longer than one stroke of the heart , harry saw something really wrong , and sluhhorn seemed unaware of anything .	1
what i say sex makes us fall in love	i mean , sex leads us to act of love	1
this computer chip is the last piece i need .	this computer chip is the last thing that 's missing .	1
the sergeant winced .	roger that , son , this is station 22 .	0
tell me everything i wan na know , or i swear to god , i will hurt you before i kill you and no one will stop me .	even the tymbrimi boys were nervous about her , and robert was one of the other races !	0
ok ? - we 'll talk then .	then we 'll talk .	1
really , i never order my own food .	but we have little food , doctor , so few that we may be better off without one. ``	0
you remember the dockyard down at ringsend ?	maybe we 'll have to go to the cave of the kirk and want her to pay for it .	0
and barry has a nice set of shoulders , too .	he catches her and cuts her throat like a pig in defeat .	0
couch , i guess ?	a couch , maybe ?	1
you were n't even going to say goodbye ?	did he fall in the toilet again ?	0
i used to work on old cars as a boy . with your father .	the competent authority should officially recognise the category of holding for the category of holding for a simple trichinella provided that certain conditions are satisfied .	0
the story was that the traffic shook the foundations .	the story was that traffic had poisoned the basics	1
mornin ' , sport .	the second group is on its way to the top of the `` f . ''	0
is that what you oppose , gowron ?	is that what you 're up against , gowron ?	1
stay one floor below me .	and everything will change	0
autopsy shows evidence of full-term delivery of a child .	she took it and sucked it up .	0
marek machniki ( 1187/2008 )	marek machniki ( 1187 / 2008 )	1
jack , i 'm still coming to the game , but i might be late .	hello , pema .	0
she must n't guess that you know the truth .	born in cuba .	0
he was affected by the cloud like us .	now i 've been thinking of writing .	0
not on board this ship , ambassador .	i do n't need your fucking praise .	0
no , you coward , you bloody swine !	did wuertz pick you up ...	0
i guess you know that , cos i 'm going to see you there .	- en - 20	0
we will try for telling you what we can . ''	the benefits of all eligible proposals will be assessed and evaluated on the basis of these award criteria and the point-by-point system :	0
how will that cool you off ?	and how does this cool you ?	1
thanks for helping my grandmother get to the hotel .	and thanks for calling your grandma a cab to go to the hotel .	1
uh , steve ... `` jamaican '' me crazy .	is n't it a little early for that ?	0
she 's wearing hers .	she had her own .	1
om swiveled his eye around .	wipe your face .	0
i wo n't open it . - please , do n't open it ! jack !	please do n't open it ...	1
men have had their own children taken to satisfy their debt .	this srt tsi refers to this basic requirement in sections 4.2.5.7 communication means in trains and 4.2.5.8 .	0
who calls on the phone ?	options for what ?	0
we do the best thing for all of us .	we did what was best for everyone .	1
'you sure , bobby-o ? no more smartass comebacks ? '	`` sure , bobby-o ?	1
pounds lost , minus one .	losing weight in kg - minus one .	1
i missed the deadline to tell her something .	strong boy .	0
he was smarter than that .	bony 's smarter than that .	1
i was not feeling that from you .	i did n't feel it out of you .	1
i 'm sure the word you were looking for was `` symbolism . '' what is the symbolism there .	the word you sought in vain is `` symbolism '' what is the symbolism ?	1
you not questioning them confuses me .	you 're not testing them , it confuses me .	1
you could take shifts .	in the dark shadows , he 's lonely and sad .	0
you 've not seen my entire arsenal .	you did n't see an arsenal .	1
and i scolded him for being such a bad houseguest and i sent him to bed .	and i told him he was such a terrible guest and sent him to bed .	1
okay , well , lately , he 's been reading these really weird books and they 're messing with his mind , you know ?	i had no idea what the seriousness of the situation was .	0
hey , no , no , that 's a navy bar .	hey , no , no , it 's a seafood bar .	1
upon your bed	you know i 'll sort it out first .	0
farther and farther away .	the real humility is to know your real place on the space ladder .	0
he 's usually happy and sweaty .	chapter 6 once the plan had been completed - the plan , as roland and peter would be rid of forever - flagg wasted no time .	0
do you see anything ?	i feel like haku and i met a long time ago .	0
you can hook your cd player up ... ... to the tank 's internal communications system .	you can hang up the cd player ... ... on the comm system in the tank .	1
bond got out of the car and lounged against the parapet of the river wall , watching between the trunks of the plane trees .	i did what he told me .	0
( voice breaks ) i said i 'm sorry .	i said i 'm sorry .	1
looking real sharp . boss !	for example , * .torrent will correspond to all items in .torrent .	0
we need a new tire .	we need a new rubber .	1
do n't stop .	do n't stop , no matter what .	1
what are we going to do about him ?	you 're like the perfect cliché of west doctor ... .. .arogante .	0
an exception occurred while trying to find the installers in the { 0 } assembly .	a shabby barbaric sheen and all those things .	0
sounds to me like the guy could be an agent of theirs .	sounds like he could be their agent .	1
why is this so much of a concern for you ?	why do you care so much ?	1
it follows that the applicant ’ s claim to that effect can not be upheld .	i 'm not gon na do that .	0
sorry , coming through .	the following cases ( 7 ) should therefore be regarded as new contractual agreements and should therefore fulfil the same approach to the two heads of application :	0
chart of knowledge accounts	he 's not going back to town .	0
kaletra tablets are administered orally and must be swallowed whole and not chewed , broken or crushed .	jo 's got your money , right ?	0
now i know why they call you `` fast eddie . '' you talk my kind of talk .	now i know why they call you quick eddie .	1
hey . alan can never find out about this .	alan must never know .	1
you know i 'd do anything for you , right ?	one zone will become a safe zone every hour .	0
you understand that ?	do you understand me ?	1
they knock on a door , a woman answers , her son 's a quadriplegic .	they knocked on the door , a woman said her son was paralyzed .	1
go to the mall , the movies ...	not just that where it came from ?	0
she could hear the shower running .	well , it 's not true .	0
two bleeders , single-plane penetration . i need the autosuture here .	he was funny .	0
we just wanted to see some awesome magic .	we just wanted to see some amazing spells .	1
and if sophie had n't saved me , i would have died `` my flickering smile ''	if sophie had n't saved me , i would have died .	1
i think someone put alex up to this . someone connected to isaak sirko .	over here ?	0
hmm ... i do n't know . to get out alive ? .	getting out alive ?	1
a full-scale attack ... with a german team .	his hind legs were in no way designed for an upright walk , the knees bent on the opposite side , and the hoof was too much .	0
`` you will all now listen to me , '' he went on in an icy , over-controlled voice , `` because i will say this only once .	`` now listen to me , '' he continued , with an icy , overruled voice , `` because i wo n't repeat it .	1
hector .	there 's pills for that .	0
dick 's right . >	i 've been here for weeks .	0
you know , i would rather take two live chickens than your fly-by-night credit card .	i suddenly felt a terrible sense of guilt - i felt really terrible about the stupid leap from the cliff .	0
i ca n't believe the oil trick worked twice .	the oil trick came out twice .	1
thank you , professor . it 's kind of you to spare me your time .	you read things like that when you wait at the dentist .	0
of course , he has .	of course .	1
d ’ agosta sat down again , feeling inside the upper drawer of his desk for a cigar .	d'agosta sat down again and fumbled in the top drawer of his cigar .	1
prodej variant plus , spol . s r.o .	and this is a parking lot .	0
what is this about , major ? ''	the music , the cones , the cars , the women ...	0
i need to find something that i.d . s the occupant .	over there on the pillow .	0
lowly . i thought you said `` lonely '' .	listen , do you want to help with the camera and the lights ?	0
thomas jordan was shaken and braised , not otherwise hurt .	`` come to barret 's café tomorrow and we 'll discuss it . ''	0
so you can use my fianceé ?	so you can use my fiancée again ?	1
as a result , the commission ’ s approach does not allow the european parliament to express a useful position .	what do you mean , `` what do you want me to do '' ?	0
`` is harry potter likely to conjure the dark mark ? ''	`` do you really think harry potter would have conjured the mark of evil ? ''	1
from july , applicants can also rely on the green line of czechinvest .	aid candidates for the subsidy will also provide the green line of czechinvest from july .	1
okay , they realize it did n't work .	yeah , it 's pretty tasteful , is n't it ?	0
well , he 's translating right now .	you 're not that interesting .	0
i do n't want you to send for my pay !	5 the facts , which preceded the present application for interim measures , contain paragraphs 7 to 28 of the judgment under appeal :	0
found it !	it 's not a favor .	0
today , we use a single feedstock , petroleum ,	x brill cylinders ( including spring cylinders and hydraulic cylinders )	0
do they manage to escape ?	do they want to escape ?	1
then i shut off the dorm hall lights and moved from room to room before the monitors came through on their rounds .	funny thing is , my job is mostly like dating .	0
that is not what i am saying .	you said money did n't play a part .	0
move it , we 're losing him !	come on , guys , we 're losing him .	1
no , i not understand .	no , i do n't .	1
like the ltalian garrison at lefkada ?	by the look of his eyes , he seemed to think about it for a moment .	0
grades 1650 .	degree 16-50 .	1
twenty-five bek ohmsford followed truls rohk from the shoreline without resistance .	bek ohmsford followed truls rohk inland .	1
magazines ?	magazines .	1
very .	i did n't hesitate to listen to the rest .	0
i think this is ...	i think that 's it .	1
well , i guess i 've never thought about it that much .	come aboard , amigos .	0
this he accomplished by repeatedly dipping a dead man 's hands into liquid rubber , forming layer after layer until the `` gloves '' could be pulled off .	if they 're still , they 'd like to sit on the vertical wall upside down .	0
you have to act like you could n't care less whether she likes you or not .	make sure you do n't care , whether you like her or not .	1
“ this is a scan of the infant 's brain while he or she was getting acquainted with mom .	`` this is a snapshot of a child 's brain just getting acquainted with my mother .	1
homeland security requires fertilizer sellers ... ... to keep a record of all large sales .	and because he imitates people 's feelings so well , i think his software is vulnerable to them too .	0
he did the double reverse on us .	he turned us around twice .	1
bills , payment	i guess they did n't know you were coming out of an elite school .	0
relative to the alternative , it actually seems more logical to me .	izzie 's not here .	0
i do n't understand it well , but this kid ... it seems that he has an enormous amount of chakra .	i do n't understand much , but this baby ... ... seems to have a huge amount of chakra .	1
okay , easy , now .	and it would be good for you to be associated with kids who still do n't come around with camera and zombie makeup .	0
i guess our man is in enemy 's hands .	especially when he 's crazy ?	0
uh , it 's city planning .	sure . he 'll come .	0
some days i just want to curl up with a piece of chocolate cake .	i removed our lunch because you ca n't afford it .	0
strange ... but we never failed on the hunt before you arrived .	strange ... until you flew , we never failed .	1
while the american economy gets dragged down further in a swamp of bad property debts , china will continue to boom .	well , the barrette is correct .	0
pretty sure this belongs to you .	i 'm sure this belongs to you .	1
one , here ... by my ear .	you took everything from my world , and you say i betrayed my country , right ?	0
yeah , let me see .	yes , minnie and moa .	0
`` yes , my lady . ''	`` yes , ma'am . ''	1
in 1963 , love took him to portugal to be with anna , who became his wife .	in 1963 he moved to portugal for his love of anna , whom he later married .	1
something like that rock over there is just about 100 % certain—it knows it 's there , so does everybody else .	imagine that rock across the street is 100 % sure - he knows there is , like everyone else .	1
let us take care of him , okay ?	let us take care of everything .	1
well , it 's small , but it fits a lot of excited fans .	careful ?	0
you ever tried a turkey burger ?	he was married .	0
but it 's not my fault i was born .	you see ?	0
you see all this ?	do you see that ?	1
something to brighten up your room .	something to refresh your room .	1
kge laboratory branch locations listing	and who do you think is a pig on the heel that carries a bag of money .	0
so what do you think kid ?	you stole my fish catfish .	0
how dare you ? i have cancer .	how dare you ?	1
you 're a very lucky chap .	you 're very lucky .	1
what 'll they think of next ?	print customer / item statistics	0
i suspect it is so witchcraft can be used against you .	okay , here 's where you start paying ... sweat !	0
again . 'il have one more chance .	and you get one more chance .	1
what 's the angle ?	what 's your point ?	1
so you can call up as many tsa agents as you like , but they 're not gon na be saying a thing .	listen , you slimy bastard , we 'll take these poor tortured animals with you .	0
it did it in 1 minute 25 dead so , even though it was a damp track , it was faster than an m3 .	he made it in 1 minute and 25 seconds of equals , so even though on the wet track , he was faster than m3 .	1
well , an inmate attacked him .	it took me a long time to get in .	0
if you really want to sell this stuff you should just put it on ebay .	oh , my god , she 's gone .	0
they stopped anticipating your call for assistance .	they 've stopped waiting for your help .	1
european consumers ’ organisation	you have no idea what 's going on here .	0
man 2 : those persons refusing to abide by the law will hereby be subject to severe punishment .	i 've dropped this on eric northman .	0
no one knows i ’ m here .	do n't wait for me .	0
fuck off , old man . - fucking pussy .	fuck you , old man .	1
bet she looks just like you .	change spaces ...	0
yeah , i 'm just picking up a few things .	i 'm just collecting a few things .	1
`` let 's stipulate simple , '' i told her .	`` quite simply , '' i said .	1
bet you did n't wake up this morning thinking you might get blown to hell .	i bet if you got up this morning , you did n't think you could fly straight to hell .	1
okay , yeah . i 'm just gon na see what i ... have in my drawer here .	i 'll see what i 've got in the drawer .	1
you can stay or you can leave . you understand ?	you can stay or go .	1
i-i-i 'm sorry , there might be skid marks out there , but i 'm not gon na risk my life to find out .	now , for real !	0
but helpful maybe .	you 're making an interdemituinal field ... around a highly charged gate , which is unstable and with a completely unpredictable burst of energy !	0
i think you broke my nose .	he must have broken my nose .	1
take that woman-fish for the prison .	blanca , over here !	0
oh , i wo n't be here then !	i wo n't be here .	1
well , i need a cars . where the cars at ?	tell them i 'll tell them to sink your ship if there 's no other way .	0
select the “ conﬁgure device driver modules ” menu item to conﬁgure device drivers , that is , kernel modules .	mike ryerson had no spots on his neck .	0
'earth , wind & fire ' .	earth , wind and fire .	1
listen to me , tell you now that your own son .	always negative .	0
look , t-ray .	yes , good point .	0
`` that white guy .	`` what about the white guy ?	1
some very important people .	unexpected end of file .	0
with his right hand he pulled the bottom of his jacket over the gun .	he carried his right hand over the gun .	1
so , you 're actually working in a tv station ?	jack , i 'll come to the game , i 'll just be a little late , that 's all .	0
hey . hey , jemaine .	hello , jemaine .	1
we 've already received an offer for your services . 25,000 a year .	we have already received an offer for your services .	1
miss susan andrews .	i have one trait you might consider a weakness .	0
and now it 's time for you to go .	sunlight .	0
no , that 's the thing .	well , that 's the thing .	1
listen , i 've found the mark of the devil !	i found the mark of the devil !	1
they 'd gone on ahead .	they went ahead .	1
apparently we did get it .	obviously we got him .	1
are you ready to get back out there and take your turn ?	do you happen to know why a raven is like a desk ?	0
stanley : what was that ?	what was that ?	1
whoever wins , red or blue , they both lose .	they have an independent security guard .	0
i just roam the earth alone . - shh !	thank you again .	0
that was because ollie figured a negro couldn ’ t possibly know anything about selling books .	that 's because , according to ollie , no negro could have a clue about selling books .	1
rita , mourn ?	i have to take care of linus .	0
fucker ! pull over !	maybe i mentioned it in front of janice .	0
stop it , baby .	he said this blue was a dangerous guy .	0
when can you bring it on line ?	how did mike bell get to you , kevin ?	0
you still ai n't shit .	i would n't go that far .	0
have n't told him yet , but he 's been wait-listed at prescott academy . academy ?	mom , can i build a wall ?	0
have i said that is what ?	alfy pressed his cigarette impatiently .	0
you know he ca n't even talk now .	but the gun itself is ... .	0
that 's quite a talent , mr. wilson .	you have a gift , mr. wilson .	1
a greasy-looking elf slipped out from behind a taffy machine .	a shabby elf peeped from behind the ice-cream machine .	1
how much to use < see side 1	how to take < see page 1	1
not the best , to be honest .	frankly , not my best .	1
have you got a .45 ?	i do n't know ... do you have a .45 ?	1
`` will you consider the idea ? ''	`` do you mind ? ''	1
oh , i 'm sorry , doc .	you did n't show up in a meeting with mr. bishop .	0
that play could have just saved the game for la mesa !	oh , no , no . it 's like normal sex , just without the last minute of the fight with the condo .	0
can i visit grandpa forthe weekend ?	can i go to my grandpa 's for the weekend ?	1
it came to rest , despite her efforts to intercept it , spread listlessly across the breakfast table .	despite her attempts to put him out , he landed right on the table with breakfast .	1
if you could n't speak the words here , you could n't speak 'em anywhere .	tomorrow we get a folding bed , promised him .	0
we 've been handling this insurance for 3 years and we hate to see these policies lapse .	he was one elephant and a rhino .	0
`` among those supping at chez ma tante i noticed beautiful linnet ridgeway .	what did you find out ?	0
`` we could go out somewhere , '' she said , taking the wine glass from his hand and putting it on the nearest end table .	`` we could go to a restaurant , '' she said , taking a drink from his hand and putting it on the nearest table .	1
that 's a big number .	that 's a high amount .	1
it 's false .	hodgines may be able to connect some of the particles to the damage .	0
we 're not talking about flying , we 're talking about character .	the sea is clear and our route is southward from those observed ice fields .	0
i nominate trip sutcliffe .	i nominate tripa sutcliffe .	1
i 'll be here . ”	i 'll be here . '	1
the commission ’ s rapid response and pragmatic attitude contributed to avoiding the bankruptcy of any major financial institution headquartered in the eu .	and i met you .	0
i 'm terribly attached to you .	i 'm terribly loyal to you .	1
who ? whoever eats this .	who ?	1
wow . brilliant .	perfect .	1
that boy 's a fool .	the boy is crazy .	1
ticket 's a million .	in bĺ ™ eznu 2006 , he debuted at the scene of the janovsky theatre carlo felice as sharpless in the staging of renaty scotto madama butterfly .	0
pinball , that 's the best sight you could ever imagine .	pinball , that 's the best thing you could 've ever seen .	1
how 've you been ?	angelo watched the sisters go , then moved in the opposite direction .	0
and he said it a little better than i 'll say it .	and a little better than i 'll say .	1
-go deep , judah says again , and those still alive in the township are listening .	go to the depths of the swamp , repeating judah , and those who are still alive in the settlement listen to him .	1
`` okay , susan , will do .	`` yes , susan , i 'll do it . ''	1
her second and more immediate goal was to devise a way for this same immune-repair mechanism to work without a massive transfusion of whole blood every three weeks .	the second and closer aim was to discover a method of this immunological mechanism and make sure it did n't require a transfusion of blood every three weeks .	1
although we 're a new school , we 're going to have to close temporarily .	although we 're a new school , we have to shut down for a while .	1
he broke up handfuls of water to bathe me .	he picked up the handfuls of water that washed me .	1
perhaps we could get together later ?	i did my job !	0
`` it 's called intuition , '' mccoy said , but without the grin that would normally have accompanied the remark .	`` it 's called intuition , '' said mccoy , this time with no smile at which he usually accompanied his remarks .	1
consequently there were few vehicles on lorelei aside from the electric carts that shuttled gamblers back and forth along the strip .	for that reason , there were few vehicles outside the electric trucks that carried the players there and back along the behind .	1
i 'll showyou your room .	victoria adler recommended me .	0
( chuckles ) i 'm mortal .	the one on the right is evidence evidence at quantico .	0
and if i do my job right , you 'll forget anything bad ever happened .	and if i do my job well , you forget there was something burning .	1
hey ! i 'll start the meter in a minute .	he 's going for it , believe me .	0
we should check who they ate with .	the answer is thor odinson !	0
we got a busy day tomorrow .	tomorrow 's a tough day .	1
except -- except for this - this upgrade here .	except for this .	1
i know that this mission makes sense to you .	i understand this mission is important to you .	1
klaus , go down and get me some cables .	klaus , go downstairs and get me some exercise .	1
spare key , brilliant !	a spare key .	1
there were seashells embedded in the plaster in the walls .	there were plaster cast shells on the walls .	1
no , the damage is done .	the ship is entering visual range .	0
christopher columbus !	christopher columba !	1
so now i do n't have to sing	so , i do n't have to sing anymore .	1
let me kiss your belly , that 'll rouse you .	of course , mr. mcvain .	0
who 's got a magnetron ? everyone in this room , empty your pockets ! now !	everyone in the room empties their pockets .	1
stealing from the blind , eh ?	you 'll do better .	0
maybe i should text her . - no . just no with the texts .	maybe i should text her .	1
master , general grievous 's ship is directly ahead ... the one crawling with vulture droids .	master , the ship of general grievous is in front of us .	1
well , we 're being voted out of business after 25 years .	well , we 're voting for our dissolution , after 25 years .	1
and i , i got everything that you see here , but i ...	and i have everything you see here .	1
what are these papers ?	i 'll give him a black scarf and pretend he 's a grandmother .	0
`` and that is the reason i brought you on this journey .	`` that 's why i took you on this expedition .	1
but they were n't even so hard .	oh , well , give it to tao and tell him to translate it into an intelligible english language .	0
and jesus said to her , `` be of good comfort .	and jesus said to her , `` be a good mind . ''	1
his hands , large , and grimy , and yet well shaped for his labour , worked restlessly .	his hands , large and vicious , but still crackled over all the work .	1
listen , what he did to you was a crime , and it 's traumatizing .	we 'll send a picture of the car to all the pumps in town .	0
their guilt is not in doubt in the least .	there is no doubt about their guilt .	1
uh , see what ?	`` there can only be one .	0
a secret mind controller ?	the secret control of the brain ?	1
the word came out faint and thready , propelled by far too little breath , and she shook her head savagely .	he 's trying to help us !	0
one or the other , i doubt that she deserved maltreatment .	so i want to know where the hell we 're going .	0
the son of the king who ruled before the mouse took over .	i 'll have a chance to cheer .	0
simons : it 's quite a day , colonel .	are you okay ?	0
a detective hit him in the head and knocked him out .	the detective punched him in the head when he fell .	1
units designed to operate on the swedish network shall remain within the gauges sea or sec in accordance with en15273-2:2009 .	units intended to operate in the swedish railway network shall remain in the frame of the sea or sec in accordance with en15273-2 : 2009 .	1
22 rounds .	commander , i have 22 rounds .	1
i want to ask you about a case .	i need to ask something about the case .	1
i 'm not playing as much as i 'd like , but i 'm enjoying the classes .	i do n't play as much as i want , but i like it at school .	1
the people 's revolts in january and february and their violent repressions left between 137 and 183 dead and over 1 500 wounded .	during the violent suppression of people 's movements in january and february , 137 to 183 people were killed and more than 1,500 people were injured .	1
of very early cavemen . '	a lot of early cavemen. ``	1
but the vice-ambassador has set him free , sir	did you buy her drinks ?	0
where will i get you a clean dress ?	you knew too , you little punk ?	0
the court has consistently held that individuals are entitled to reimbursement of national charges levied in breach of community law .	according to the settled case-law of the court of justice , the persons concerned are entitled to recover the domestic tax collected in breach of community law .	1
and you must hurry .	you 'd better hurry .	1
responsible under the russian system for signing ‘ referendum ’ results .	[ 6 ] oj l 187 , 16.7.2002 , p .	0
do n't tell me you were n't even going to look me up . ''	a memorial service for a member of the board .	0
new lord ?	the new master ?	1
to talk to you about your radio show .	in some places , volcanoes piled up large underwater volcanoes .	0
man : keldysh , keldysh , mir2 on ourwayto the surface .	look , i know you ca n't date a rookie or something , but ...	0
number and configuration of doors :	number and layout of the door :	1
you got to get her prepared for that .	you have to prepare her for it .	1
you got him ?	do you see him ?	1
despite the alleged impossibility of the task , the media set about describing the indescribable with a morbid will .	the fate of the world is a stable in our hands .	0
moments later , ap in washington came through with a more detailed report which had `` the shining time has come '' document in full .	in a few moments , a report from ap from washington , which contained some details and a document `` the light came time '' in full .	1
when we meet again , you will like me better . '	`` you 'll see the corpse in the morgue , but i 've found nothing yet of her .	0
they shall be monitored during the measurement .	the press accreditation is also valid for the accompanying programme .	0
sure you do n't need me ? marcus :	you sure you do n't need me ?	1
truly , i think the wisest of them have a better grasp of life and death than any human ever could . ''	personally , i think the wisest of them have achieved a much better understanding of life and death than any man could ever have done. ``	1
when he 's out , you 're packing up ... ... and you 're keeping the fuck away from my sister !	alice , how many times have i told you i do n't want strangers in the house ?	0
among other restrictions , they are specifically forbidden to fight .	among other things , i 've specifically banned fights .	1
yeah , good thing you downloaded the `` find your drunk roommate '' app .	what about the guys who show you their footballs ?	0
now , people go on . they see the pictures of the sheep , and they pick the ones they want .	they look and choose the sheep they want .	1
the captain has turned off the seat belt sign .	the captain turned off the sign for the session .	1
unless what ?	yeah , while emily decided not to pursue her inevitable divorce , it did n't stop me from doing mine .	0
look what it 's done to her .	you see what she does to her .	1
be careful in this cold weather .	it 's more of a motive .	0
thanks for letting me use your skates .	thanks for busting your skates .	1
the united states has a decimal system . you know perfectly well that we do not .	the us has a ten-dollar system , you know we do n't .	1
you do not create to me ?	`` i whispered , and in silence i heard the ritual of sla 's lips from the lips of bolza again . ''	0
mother walruses , confused by the lack of ice , are crowding onto the land with their pups .	you 're going to rome . in an hour .	0
damn it , jack , put the gun down !	put the gun down .	1
|| 1,290 index ( 2008 = 100 )	| | 1 290 index ( 2008 = 100 )	1
doctor , let 's now draft a crime scene investigation report .	i know you 're not really like that .	0
he might well could of .	he could have .	1
paste plain text	insert plain text	1
tell him to leave the gun .	you know what this is ?	0
there may be people hurt .	seriously , dog .	0
tanis pressed his lips together grimly .	tanis clenched his lips firmly .	1
it was just right .	i 'm telling you , joe , five bucks for a week .	0
move ! get the fuck up . come on !	it 's aerodynamic impossible .	0
i saw they arrested the cuban guy ... ... and they 're charging himwith niles ' murder .	sorry , am i interrupting ?	0
as long as no other rape victims came forward .	it 's a cheap prostitute .	0
komi amt auto - skla , s.r.o .	i swear to god , you son of a bitch .	0
call me anytime .	you can call me any time .	1
lawyer : the fbi has harassed my client all year .	the fbi molested my client for a year .	1
what division were you in ?	what department were you in ?	1
we have no idea where to even start --	witchcraft , curses and spirits .	0
ceo is a retired army major , max bordais .	c.o . is a former army major , max bordais .	1
i do n't think you want them .	you do n't want them anymore .	1
you and yuji look so much alike	remote headquarters and rural areas have been affected less quickly , possibly because they do n't have a common sewer system and plumbing .	0
when i 'm a grown up can i say bad stuff ?	when i grow up , can i just talk dirty ?	1
a ) applicability of the 1975 convention between germany and poland 35 .	just take it .	0
can i get you some more bread ?	you want more bread ?	1
like hell she 's east .	he 's sleeping with her ?	0
man began to hide what shamed him , and by the time he removed the veil , he was blinded by a great light .	the man began to hide as he was ashamed , and by the time he unveiled the veil , he was dazzled by the great glow .	1
now let 's imagine that you were an economist in 1929 ,	and it 's here again , you know exactly why ... ... than talking .	0
now i want you to relax your legs .	i 'm a champion of clean and straight fights .	0
and who 's that ?	although this information has not been confirmed , several sources said it was a terrorist act , mixed against a memorial ceremony for vice president walden .	0
father of the bride pays .	ron , where are we going ?	0
you 'll be fine . i 'll be back soon .	we 've heard of it all the way in washington .	0
it 's my engine in that car and that 's what my boys are pushing .	i really appreciate your help with the boys , wayne .	0
one thousand archers of truest aim .	you will come with me .	0
we 're licked , sheriff .	we 're getting busted , sheriff .	1
well , why do you treat her so damnably ?	can you do this for me ?	0
so we had a big conversation about the rules ... ... and things got a little heated . - you know , as they do .	because , rox , i 've never seen anything .	0
well , what time does she usually roll in ?	but i 'm scared .	0
none of the parties requested an oral hearing , nor did they substantially contest the facts as set out in the statement of objections .	i 'm known in these matters because i accept the souls that are damned and degraded in such circumstances .	0
'you got proof of that ? '	`` you have proof of that ? ''	1
including all security footage .	including all security records .	1
together we may do still more to regenerate our dying planet .	you just have one of those jobs that 's hard ... to believe that an adult is doing it without helping .	0
plus , judging from the jag marks on the victim 's back , she did n't go into the water voluntarily .	do n't mess with my telepathy .	0
it 's competition day today .	today is a competition .	1
commitment , perseverance -- these things count for something .	commitment , endurance , these things mean something .	1
i have the feeling she would rather try the kind of things i do .	i feel like she better try what i do .	1
you do n't think kirsten 's gon na smell something fishy , do you ?	you do n't think kirsten 's going to be suspicious , do you ?	1
soon after , they rose up , freed themselves , and took control of the ship , but it was , uh , damaged beyond repair .	the supply market is largely determined by projects and is characterised by highly volatile market shares .	0
it always seems like you have it real nice .	it always looks like you 're doing okay .	1
no , eddy . i know he 's our man .	if i can trust 007 , he 'll be careful .	0
is that it , then ?	that 's it ?	1
please just listen .	you better listen .	1
if you bring up my father one more time , i will punch you in the face .	if you pull my father out again , i 'll hit you in the face .	1
the filter holder assembly shall be of a design that provides an even flow distribution across the filter stain area .	the filter medium shall be designed to ensure that the flow distribution is equal to the whole of the active part of the filter .	1
i never saw never face .	do you really think so ?	0
vantika equipped the shunt with an auto-destruct system .	he recalls his heroic actions in youth , shared with his two mates .	0
yeah , well , i just trust the guy ...	i want you all to take a deep breath and swim for lan .	0
someone you could say a little prayer with , night after next ?	i mean someone saying prayers for the day after tomorrow night .	1
when we were children , we would climb into the bull pens and wait for the bulls to turn on us .	but , while none of these commodities is global , there may be local shortfalls .	0
have you thought about what i said ?	that 's the only way we 'll ever get off this godforsaken island .	0
you got a smoke ?	i 've taken them every year !	0
no ! - a kid !	show a conditional question .	0
it 's really no problem ...	bernhard , close the window .	0
babylon ai n't no far-off place in the desert .	he opened up a little bit and got a little out of her .	0
put the weapon down .	here , your wine .	0
turnabout is fair play , is n't it ? ''	can we count on you to tell them so they do n't get scared ?	0
his lips brushed my skin , soft , caressing .	the police will suspect the problems , but the fake ones .	0
this may come as a surprise , but a gunshot ...	it may sound surprisingly , but a shot from the gun ...	1
'unexpectedly re-entered earth 's atmosphere over england	'suddenly entered the atmosphere of the earth over the south of england	1
hey , does that electric cigarette work ?	does the electronic cigarette work ?	1
is it 0293 ? - 0293 .	i still dream of someone trying to kill me .	0
so i joined with the outlanders . '	erasing europe 's debt	0
well , hear it now .	the election looks nasty .	0
not yet -- i 'm guessing they 're too busy trying to find another shooting guard to fill my scholarship .	i do n't know how you can hurt your mother like that .	0
this was not her destiny ! and you know that !	and you know it !	1
this would n't have to do with the fact that he 's being raised by two women ?	there he is .	0
bella , bella , bella , bella .	bela , bela , bela .	1
how do you know that one exists ?	how do you know someone like that ?	1
girl , you did not . if amber does n't want to go , do n't make her .	if amber does n't want to go to the bathroom , do n't make her .	1
dear charlie , greetings from faggy old london .	dear charlie ... i say hello from the silent old london .	1
just so , yes .	exactly , yes .	1
`` yes , mura-san , '' uo had agreed through his fear .	i do n't believe you would have invited him here without asking me .	0
all countries for which the same rate of export refund or levy applies shall be considered as one destination .	all countries for which the uniform rate of refund or benefits is applicable shall be considered as one destination .	1
she did n't .	you did n't .	1
i wish a lot of things	i wish many things .	1
come on , no ! moe !	gently , or so it 's worth the 100 bucks .	0
it is said that they are opaque and that he sees by a powerful magic that far transcends human powers .	he says they are opaque and he sees thanks to a powerful charm that vastly exceeds human abilities .	1
i could see why the doctor thought we might browbeat the witness .	i could quite understand why the doctor thinks we want to scare the witness .	1
ln other words , here ... i 'll need 20 traffic light keys and 20 radios .	`` i wish you so much . ''	0
`` well , of course , they mean well .	they 're the one who 's divorced .	0
alarm , yes . i 've heard . also nothing more .	yes , the alarm ... i heard .	1
the current selection is a text box in a group	you took four cards .	0
when sandre told them he could not take tomasso out of the dungeon alive because he lacked the power .	sandre then said he could n't get tomasso out of jail alive because he did n't have enough magical power .	1
doctors and medics acknowledge .	dudley , will you accompany me to my car ?	0
maybe they 're not coming .	`` advertising magazines ? what for ? ''	0
oh , you know we 're not allowed to do that .	i miss him so much !	0
take anything you want .	take what you want .	1
unlike classic autism , language ability is intact in people with asperger 's .	unlike classical autism , people with asperger 's are not disturbed by the ability to speak .	1
`` but your brother ?	`` what about the brother ?	1
chinese simplified ( g_b2312 )	simplified chinese ( g _ b2312 )	1
i told you not to make calls on that phone .	and lila will be visiting us .	0
the air was still .	small nooks were not larger in the perimeter than the rolls of dough .	0
its arguments must nevertheless be examined in detail in the main proceedings .	hugolín glanced at the fire .	0
just one more time , for old times ' sake .	once again , for old times ...	1
you walked in the door like a zombie . you did n't say anything . you just went straight up to bed .	she did n't become rowena , but hundreds of different people , i should add , including you. ``	0
that 's the only proof i have .	from his wounds and his clothes .	0
the most punishing ... it 's not good enough !	in the right direction ?	0
'he 's not a terribly good wizard , actually , ' said twoflower , drawing nearer the fire .	'well , he 's not such a great wizard , 'said twoflower , sitting close to the fire .	1
i hear the , uh- the snow 's very good at chamonix .	sister in action	0
for this movie i 'm gon na do .	for the film i 'm filming .	1
oh , he 's gon na wait till we leave , watch some porn and masturbate .	i designed this resource to liberate the programs , and you 're taking it to their enslavement .	0
what shall become of this ?	what for ?	1
after all the trouble i went to setting up that daycare , it would have been nice to get two weeks ' notice , my friend .	but given the condition of your house ...	0
i 've played my ace in the hole .	let the hostages go .	0
paint him red and then kill him .	then kill him .	1
damn their souls !	and i 'm warning you to have a good reason ! ``	0
then they kidnapped me !	well , then i was kidnapped !	1
b. specific comments 1 .	we 're trapped !	0
i loved that dress you cut in half .	i loved that dress .	1
data accuracy – support correct sector allocation and data extraction by issuer conceptual background :	data accuracy - support for the correct classification in sectors and data selection , according to the issuer conception exit :	1
how odd , she thought , that she had never seen the monster in him before .	as possible , she thought i had never seen a monster in him before .	1
i know that there 's some things that i need to work through .	i know i have to work out a few things .	1
targets eight o'clock low !	i know i should have said this before , but i was worried .	0
all i 'm saying is that it might be a slight possibility that she might -- might have just maybe gained ...	i 'm not looking for him .	0
malaria 's still got you .	malaria still overwhelms you .	1
knock down that wall .	break this wall down .	1
i do n't know what you mean . - yes , you do .	i do n't know what you mean .	1
agent dunham , i work for the fbi in fringe division dealing with weird and mysterious events .	but today ...	0
we have the enemy on the run .	according to my brother billy , who 's in college , you become a man when you are able to accept some responsibility .	0
nationality : libyan . ’	the eye movement is called nystagism , which suggests that you have a benign paroxysm , bppv .	0
what kind of crazy order is that ?	it 's not an answer .	0
what are we talking about ?	about what ?	1
yes , fair point .	| | article 80 article 3	0
do n't say motherfuckers , all right ?	she finished her job and leaned back as a low voice sounded in her left ear .	0
calm down , okay ? - sorry .	calm down , okay ?	1
just tell me what happened !	your man wears this .	0
i 'm still not truly aware of my limits .	you 're not doing anything .	0
now , hold on !	wait !	1
mom . do n't go .	how did he stay in the wind tunnel ?	0
as the landscape that we 've transformed .	like the landscape we rebuilt .	1
look , i 'd like you to give me a call --	the chairman of the film studios ?	0
i know where she 'll be . - where ?	raistlin suddenly raised his head .	0
and why is that ?	for what reason ?	1
oh , my god . back to the future .	oh , my god .	1
harry broke his word .	of mexico , it can become the dominant superpower .	0
starting with , erm ... oh ! that !	`` family . ''	0
and not a word to anybody , or we do n't have to bother starting again .	he spent weeks following his knees in the slimy swamps , in which the rods and ropes set out the fertile gowns of the oyster .	0
i was n't exactly expecting my daughter to quit on me .	i did n't expect my daughter to dump me .	1
present with asymptomatic increases in serum creatinine .	in most patients there is an asymptomatic increase in serum creatinine .	1
i ’ il take care of them .	`` i do n't know this guy . ''	0
i 'm meeting aidan for dinner .	it 's dropping east to new york .	0
your mom cleaned their conscience .	the mother assures her conscience .	1
perhaps - perhaps i spoilt one of the highest and purest loves that ever existed between man and woman !	we wait till the car gets cold .	0
what 's her condition ?	that 's interesting .	0
doors !	i 'll tell you why .	0
she gave them to me the day she was captured .	she handed them to me before they arrested her .	1
what the fuck does that even mean ?	what the fuck is this ?	1
i do n't like ml6 using us to do their dirty work .	i do n't like doing dirty work for ml6 .	1
whatever you need ... you can count on me .	he pointed to the low hills , the groves on the rocky foothills .	0
well , not so good . oh .	how could we do that ?	0
`` i am a merchant , '' said mintar , `` and it is in my code to see that i am paid . ''	`` i 'm a businessman , '' mintar continued , `` and my principles include that i can earn all my debts . ''	1
i just expected you to be a little bit more elaborate .	i was just expecting something more elaborate .	1
we made our way back along the path , toward the house , feeling our way through the darkness .	we walked down the path around the house again , though in the dark we were finding a way more of a palpable way .	1
you 're coming back to me like a song , you are .	you come back to me like a bummer .	1
i do n't know . - i 'm afraid of missing something .	i 'm afraid i 'm going to miss something .	1
a blank must be determined in a parallel assay containing no test substance .	i have to talk to danny leon .	0
and what we want to answer in this video is whether this reaction is spontaneous .	and in this video , we want to find out if this reaction is conducted spontaneously .	1
angelo waited to see which way the nurses went , then chose the opposite direction .	we 're all in danger .	0
come on , i 'll buy you a beer .	i 'll take you out for a beer .	1
no doubt some new sort of pirates , who explored the sea in their own way .	perhaps with some pirates of a new species , who benefit from the sea in their own way ?	1
first i sipped the foam .	i took a sip of foam at first .	1
i should get the information tonight .	look , i 'll tell you something .	0
all right , we 're gon na go straight to the hospital .	he pulled my hands to the lace , which fell from his neck over his shirt , made me take her full hand .	0
that 's the same age i was when i started kabletown , got married , and had my first white child .	at that age i founded kabletown , got married and had the first child .	1
how much is a famous divorce attorney worth to you ?	more than others ?	0
i wantevery piece of paper that exists .	i want every piece of paper that exists .	1
i 'm looking for the people responsible ... for-for-for beckham .	harry called yesterday .	0
man , see ?	you know , economics does n't go well .	0
i must have a word with my ... maid .	for a moment no one said anything .	0
you done favors for him ? - yeah .	there you are , he ordered your husband .	0
`` they 're making them fast these days . ''	this operation to combat piracy has also been successful in discouraging piracy	0
you hear me ? run !	can you hear me ?	1
`` love is sometimes such a truth . ''	`` love is one of those truths . ''	1
i always have . i despise it .	`` and after they 'd gone for hours , they came upon us , '' ambrose concluded .	0
please stay listening out on this frequency .	did you do it , jerry ?	0
miranda said you stopped by .	and a son .	0
so ... sole accomplice in your crime just went and killed himself .	so ... the only accomplice of your crime has decided to kill yourself .	1
then school started , and angel lost her playmates .	`` come ! ''	0
well ... we wait for the id , then .	he wo n't catch the whole card .	0
why are you looking at me like that ?	it looked impulsive , but it was n't ...	0
as a concubine 's son ... ... he was in no position to go against the head of the family .	as the son of a concubines ... ... he was n't in a position to defy the family 's mind .	1
this certification shall be transmitted , within six months of the end of the financial year concerned , to the european parliament .	he made it for both of us .	0
awful lot of guns .	you have plenty of guns .	1
it was the first time he had spoken in a personal , proper , since he was ten years old .	it was the first time he had spoken in a lavatory since he was nine years old .	1
we walked back out , continued to glendon , followed it to copper lane , and headed back north .	i went back to the street and continued on to glendon street and on to the copper and headed back north .	1
magic was grand , but science had its place , too ; they were complementary mechanisms of accomplishment .	subject : electricity management of high tension between france and spain answer from the commission ( 27 november 2006 )	0
as i recall , our problems did not extend to the bedroom .	as far as i can remember , our problems were n't in the bedroom .	1
can i set this here ?	can i get this over here ?	1
sit tight , ma'am ,	sit down , ma'am .	1
that stupid bitch willeat that up .	the stupid bitch will eat it up with the winch .	1
you know , even if we ... we never won our sectionals , or nationals had never happened ... it still would have been worth it .	you 're a huge bitch , but they criticize me , and i 'm not telling anyone anything bad .	0
but matthias and helena , you 're right , too .	do you see the soot on the ground ?	0
radios are down ! cover the east ridge and tell me what you see !	do you remember when i first came here to ask for a job ?	0
slooooooooow .	we just surround ourselves with the truth .	0
then they went on .	ladies and gentlemen , the first round for this title game is written .	0
the referring court raises this circumstance only regarding the interpretation of article 3 ( 2 ) of directive 2001/83 .	the referring court mentions the fact only in relation to the interpretation of article 3 ( 2 ) of directive 2001 / 83 .	1
was it helpful ?	a dead martyr can make as many as ten posing leaders .	0
the nomes crouched where they could , listening fearfully to the sounds above them .	there 's a sleeping bag and stuff in the back seat if no one stole it .	0
you both okay ? neither one of you hurt ?	i can show you the obvious numbers from which the merger would make you more money .	0
you have to ask for them specifically .	you have to ask them .	1
look around , what we 've done to them .	look what you 've done to them .	1
but there 's nothing more frustrating than putting a puzzle together and finding then it still does n't make sense .	this ... this is an old six , they 've never been able to balance it properly .	0
empty constructor methods	methods of empty constructors	1
rega tied the rope around her waist , but she did n't lower herself over the edge .	to my sadness , léa 's malice ...	0
sure i can .	we 've been with moody for seven years .	0
he 'll soon be 17 .	you 'll be 17 .	1
alitalia v commission , see footnote 40 above .	`` we know about her .	0
at nine o'clock i get you your coffee , i put it on your table .	`` him again ? ''	0
um , he also said to say that he wo n't be available for several hours , and he 'll call you when he can .	wo n't you help me to the wings ?	0
we 've lived in peace for two years , each to his own affairs .	all right , listen up .	0
guys , this ends right now , come on .	guys , this is gon na be over , come on .	1
with once daily dosing , clinically significant reductions in blood pressure are present throughout the day and at 24-hours post dose .	you do n't have to steal the card .	0
it was a late night . i 'm sorry .	it was late at night .	1
i 'll see you later .	i 'll see you .	1
i regret i can not stay .	unfortunately , i ca n't stay .	1
at least next week will be better . get my teeth into some journalism .	at least next week will be better , i 'm finally going to enjoy a little journalism .	1
they want to break ... us .	`` you 'll never come back , will you ? ''	0
ah ! we got a problem here .	we have a problem .	1
jae-eun , you see ...	jae-eun , you know ...	1
do you wish to know the future ? - what ?	do you want to know the future ?	1
i put a tracker on his car .	he had seen mandorallen so many times to understand the basics .	0
i 'll keep watch .	i 'll keep my guard .	1
we have a long time .	we have plenty of time .	1
this was where gregor borowitz had had his office , which dragosani had turned into his control room on the night of the horror .	i remember , he 's somewhere else .	0
are you spying on the neighbours , kale ?	wow , that pizza is !	0
all right , i want everybody who does n't live in this house to get out now !	| | 46 the same reasoning can also apply to passenger traffic services , so a similar approach can be envisaged .	0
listen , we ca n't simply walk in there and start shooting .	i 'm outside , in comfortable clothes , gardening and learning spanish !	0
this is the third home invasion in this area in the last month .	that 's a third visit in this area in the last month .	1
jo : yes you are . you are .	even though i was wounded , she treated me all the same .	0
what exactly is your criteria for choosing my books ?	what exactly are you calling my books for ?	1
you asked if i was ... goddamn .	you asked if ...	1
what ? you afraid i 'm gon na whip your ass again , you little bitch ?	you 're afraid i 'll kick your ass , you little whore !	1
his method is to start runs on banks , spreading rumours that a bank 's in trouble , causing depositors to withdraw their money .	just do what qing wants .	0
she was no simple worker in the seas , an apprentice physicist who mathematicked the waves .	she was n't just any worker at sea , an apprenticeship that mathematically processes waves .	1
kidnapper has n't contacted riordan with any demands .	the kidnapper has n't made any demands .	1
but mike did not kill him.i mean , he 's alive , you swear ?	i never order a meal myself .	0
pick somewhere you 'd like to go .	you choose where you want to go .	1
while robyn gets back to work ... let 's go ! chef ramsay now turns his attention to tiffany on the fish station .	the wood was old , but it would serve .	0
|| 2 184,3 heading 2	'aye , we were very civilised , really , 'said proud vincent .	0
first , it would be difficult clearly to define the concept of ‘ arrangements for use ’ .	but this time ... you 'll be working for me .	0
would i get to ride on it ?	one dose daily causes a clinically significant drop in blood pressure lasting 24 hours after ingesting the dose .	0
where 's her mother ?	he said his name was miller and he 's got a battery !	0
probably worked it out in advance .	he probably prepared it in advance .	1
talk me through the fights - everything you can remember . '	`` tell me about the fight , everything you remember . ''	1
why do n't you lead the way ... because i have no idea where we 're going .	because i have no idea where we 're going .	1
looks like you got a big barrel on your shoulders .	it looks like you have a big inflatable balloon on your shoulders .	1
after 1:00 checks , gretta always goes for a smoke .	after a check at 1 : 00 , gretta 's always smoking .	1
you terrified me tonight .	you scared me today !	1
could be considered aiding and abetting .	no report of that call could be taken as aiding and abetting .	1
`` there 's . . . elf horses in the courtyard , miss .	`` in the yard ... there are ... elven horses , miss .	1
they both laughed and sipped their steaming drinks , then laughed some more .	they both laughed and drank from the steaming cups .	1
the story `` with the rich and mighty , ''	the story `` the rich and powerful , '' i liked the most .	1
`` who knows what they might try , including shooting you ?	so all we have is the platinum discs of a sort of old goddess and a sick wizard who can do some new spells. ``	0
you 're good . i 'll give you that .	you 're good .	1
how can a little cow keep you company ?	how would a company make a cow ?	1
caslet had followed the proper protocols for surrendering his ship .	caslet had been saying valid protocols for the surrender of the ship .	1
shalom , naomi .	hello , naomi .	1
i 'd like to , but ...	the competent authorities may obtain information relating to alerts on persons and matters through an automated search procedure .	0
i 've run all the tests . thyroid , everything .	he said he was alone , and he 'd be cleared .	0
no , he 's making a distinction .	no , it creates a distinction .	1
it is articulated around 6 integrated technology demonstrators ( itds ) .	it is assembled around six integrated demonstration technologies ( itd ) .	1
no , your honour , but i may need a recess .	no , your honor , but i think i 'm gon na need a break .	1
i 'm coming off now .	why does your boss want to see you ?	0
i 'm here . what do you want ?	mr. zorga 's office .	0
a participant of the school lying on a sofa and dozing off with anna ’ s presentation over her face .	the attendees of the school lying on the sofa and dozing with anne 's presentations on the face .	1
could you give her that ? tell her to call me .	tell him to call me .	1
does all that belong to you ?	i noticed that during your lecture , where you defended your mental health , you admitted you were after him .	0
this is bad , michel .	sir , you have to sign my form .	0
the thing is ... - oh , we 're supposed to be singing .	now we 're supposed to be singing .	1
you have aaa ?	it is a great pleasure to welcome you here , monsieur .	0
and is uncle jacko married ? - no , but he 's looking .	and is your uncle married ?	1
i tried sending word , but could n't reach him .	i tried to send him a message , but i could n't find him .	1
however , such requests and investigations are subject where necessary to the control of the community courts .	however , such requests and enquiries shall , where appropriate , be subject to a review by the community judicature .	1
i think he brought him here .	i think he got him back .	1
it was done by a ghost .	the ghost did it .	1
past the bar , in the back .	shelby and i ... you 're together briefly .	0
were they sanctioned by the council ?	has she been approved by the council ?	1
i like to think that some things are best left forgotten .	i 'd like to think that some things are better off .	1
manual feed method	manual start-up method	1
we only have one more week left before the reunion .	we only have one week left in a three-week strike .	1
there 's more than one ?	is there more ?	1
the brother 's number is bullshit and siddique 's number is bullshit .	you 'll get your end as soon as the duke gets his .	0
`` if i may , commander , there is no need for us to die .	`` if i may , commander , i 'd like to point out that we do n't have to die .	1
these talks have stalled .	these talks have reached an impasse .	1
true humility is knowing your true place in the cosmic scale .	i 'll tell my programmer you 're going .	0
quieroo not do anything but i can noo sit here and watch the government destroyed	i sip , i feel hot in my neck and chest , but i 'm going to be able to resist another bout of coughing .	0
growing daylight did not keep away the thing that had begun to form amid her waving tendrils .	that 's terrible .	0
type of property :	type of real estate : new buildings	1
now , how about a little hot sauce to marinate ? and a dash of salt .	they would like to imagine how they reflect the cardassians ' attack , or how they face a fleet of jem'hadar ships .	0
farm advisory system	would n't you like to pick one yourself ?	0
here you go :	here it is :	1
'i 'll jump .	favourite , who will join her ?	0
well , just between you and me , when the da needed help with his nanny 's papers , the guy played ball .	i felt ascended then .	0
what 's up ?	what 's going on ?	1
did n't know what was in here .	i did n't know what it was .	1
i 'm looking for it .	i do n't like it when it happens .	0
and then you 'll have to explain why there 's a picture of my ding-dong on your phone .	and then you have to explain why you have my fireball on your phone .	1
nobody does anything worth doing without a degree .	the day began with a beautiful sunny morning with no hung british mists , so much as halting the country into its veil .	0
suddenly my life does n't look that bad .	the buttons came out of his coat .	0
these became known as copy number variants , or cnvs .	we 'll go back to iwo jima and our cameras .	0
you remember him ? - oh , yeah , sure .	i 'll tell you , part of what i owe my son .	0
{ grunts ) i 'm not losing her again !	i wo n't lose her again !	1
i mean , kids my age , they were cashing in .	kids at my age made money .	1
yeah , i had forgotten .	if you find him , you might as well tell him .	0
serial number on the bill was a match to a federal case from '75 .	serial number 's in the federal case from '75 .	1
let 's get thinking about our show .	we need to think about our show .	1
now , do n't worry about extra clothes , because we had marlowe pack you an overnight bag .	i did n't kill her .	0
sorry . everyone is booked .	sorry , no one 's available .	1
really , i justwant to find simon .	i found that holmes 's deductive method was quite useful .	0
there were firebombs everywhere .	there were incendiary bombs everywhere .	1
and nothing is so gentle as real strength . ''	come on , this is the time you 're supposed to fuck him .	0
i really ... i thank you .	miss mouse trap requested you .	0
that 's why i 've got you .	no , it 's okay .	0
when he pulled up in front of lamar 's office the police tape was still strung across the courthouse lawn .	because he does n't have any .	0
hawley ... - okay , maybe not mauled but ... claws and teeth were involved .	in accordance with the draft mandate , the data should , in accordance with eu law , be kept generally for a maximum period of 5 years .	0
come on , you , let 's get a drink .	let 's have a drink .	1
aspects of the action presented when describing each action under point 1.3 , etc .	yeah , and if your friends want this back , boy , you tell them to fight it out on the field .	0
carmen joyce , ex-cia field operative , mourning for her husband .	carmen joyce , a former cia operative , is mourning her husband .	1
you expect me to move to the suburbs with you	you expect me to move to the suburbs ?	1
look through sa : articles 253 , 254 and 256 ( 5 ) of crr .	she 's born for you , and now she 's perfect .	0
the whole thing is stunning .	or as a woman who changes flowers in your abandoned house .	0
`` we could have that little chat now , ''	taste hot , fresh blood .	0
you won by reading my thoughts .	you win because you read my mind .	1
psalm 145 , verse 15 :	i have money too !	0
`` suits me fine ! ''	`` in this case , it suits me ! ''	1
i mean , i just ca n't believe he 's dead , that 's all .	however , if the odds are not quantifiable , the injury may be valued at the ex ante et bono .	0
xvii through tortuous little streets they finally arrived at the market-place which was situated in the center of the city .	at last they reached the square , nestled in the centre of the city .	1
this time i will not be here to come to your rescue .	she 's registered to samuel douglas , the head of the emergency department at virtanen pharmaceuticals .	0
hey , guys , i need you to see this .	is his karma sparking , lighting up a keg of dust ?	0
henry : karen finally got her mother to put her house up for my bail and i was out .	simon did n't know exactly what he meant - they 'd already seen hungry people - but he smiled .	0
budgetary problems were bound to arise .	i therefore wonder if the applicant was able to visit his family members and meet his child .	0
you kill yourself , they get away with it .	i 've been working on that theme for years .	0
how 'bout you , son ? you recognize this face ?	what 'd i say ?	0
with the list getting longer , 8 victims , all male , in less than 72 hours , a macabre new record .	the list is still growing , eight male victims in 72 hours .	1
lupin ! ?	i 'm alejandro felice , your host .	0
the garden .	what happened happened abroad at a banquet after the festival .	0
ton ' ?	tony ?	1
you see , i ...	you know , i ...	1
boyd , turn off the cartoons and go wash up for dinner .	boyd , turn off the television and go wash before dinner .	1
these free-sex clubs miss the whole point of sexual freedom .	this will be a great addition to his collection and no doubt very entertaining the citizens of amhor .	0
look at those .	i 'm just taking over the majority !	0
not only they have karaoke but they have all kinds of toys as well .	they do n't just have karaoke , but plenty of other toys .	1
we do n't need to tell anybody .	we do n't have to tell anyone about this .	1
and i thought in my mind , we played daughter ?	but if you try , maybe i 'll take you there tomorrow .	0
risa will be there , we made a promise .	prices and fees charged to the register of commercial data are related to costs .	0
they 're not looking for guys like you who make a decent salary .	they do n't look for anyone with decent salaries .	1
pope nicholas v	but there 's something else , right ?	0
how dumb is that ?	how stupid .	1
why ca n't you just be happy for me ?	why do n't you like me ?	1
i was twenty-one when i went in the army and i was one of the oldest in our class at boot camp .	oh , really ?	0
meaning you have n't slept with him .	you did n't sleep with him ?	1
all he knew was he had to try , somehow , to stop the sith .	so ...	0
they were incomplete .	you do n't just go to white trash , that 's why they hate you .	0
i also worked it into my hands and wrists .	i rubbed my hands .	1
boom . illegal use of the hands .	the illicit use of your hands .	1
look , i am really sorry that i came in here and caused a scene .	look , i 'm really sorry for making a scene like this .	1
look , marlo ... everything that 's happened here with you ... we need to deal with it .	look , marla ... everything that happened here ... with you ... we have to figure this out .	1
i did better . all this choice made it possible for me to do better .	all that selection gave me a chance to get better .	1
we do n't dwell on the past , alexander .	we do n't focus the attention on the past , alexander .	1
remember , pivot right , kick left , turn the head , spot the target .	an apology for forcing her way in was supposed to be a proper thanks to pitt for saving her life .	0
spr 2 treatment area must be marked during the treatment period .	hey , we finally got new pens , huh ?	0
run , if you like .	go if you want .	1
i mean , that 's his way , the master 's .	i mean , this is how it works , our master .	1
we 've been apart before .	we used to be apart .	1
i met her at work.at the hotel .	we met at work , at the hotel .	1
what you 're gettin ' in exchange for it . he told me i could get something back i lost .	he told me i could get something i lost .	1
but what harris was telling ferrero now added yet another dimension to whatever it was the other ship thought she was accomplishing .	`` too much television , '' he said with a straight face and took him by the shoulder .	0
is that what you can courting peace ?	is that what you call keeping peace ?	1
for some time the animal , moving backwards , its prey seized in its jaws , scrambled through the tunnel .	for a moment the animal was digging backward through the tunnel , and its anchor was gripped by its jaws .	1
yes , i 'm in love with you .	take it easy , gerda .	0
they dusted off their medals and the rest was going to be history .	we only searched one area .	0
so please just swear on an oath that you 'll forget about me , and we 'll never speak again .	i beg you , promise me that you will never see me again , and that we will never talk again .	1
oh , n ... no .	he said he would crawl on his knees to forgive him .	0
all right , this should convince woodford that we have enough time to come up with a better plan .	that 's the truth about it , claire .	0
i 'm home to change .	as you may well know , 11 days ago we found that the ikon russian communications satellite had a decline in the runway .	0
we 've decided to take you to paris so you can forget about everything ... particularly forget about mark darcy .	oh , my god .	0
honestly , i 'm kind of hoping i can find a way ... ... to not have to hide who i really am .	i kind of hoped to find a way to keep my mind off hiding who i really am .	1
sometimes you ca n't get it all out .	sometimes things do n't get taken out .	1
and maybe he does n't know it ... but he does , too .	and he may not know ... but he will .	1
stay back , boy .	step back , boy .	1
'cause i 'd be happy to pay the lease on your apartment .	stop .	0
oh , i ca n't see at all .	okay , i 'll tell you what you 're going to do .	0
uh , this season really began for me with a meditation ... on the intersection between east and west .	this season , i would call meditation between two styles - east and west .	1
now that your blood tie with him is severed , you 're vulnerable .	he moved to the exit from the room , then stopped and looked at darsha .	0
baker 's were all over the interior driver 's side .	bernard , have you brought me to the healer ?	0
to a girl it was a devastation .	a girl will destroy such a thing .	1
he was in the trees , north of the bastion , south of the rifle range .	what animal ?	0
well , i do n't wan na linger .	well , i do n't want to keep up .	1
because we got our own fucking whore and she 's the sweetest one in the whole fuckin town , you asshole .	why , we have our own whore , and she will do anything i want , and more often than you and your whore , you idiot !	1
next , the courts of the european union take account of the interests of the illegally promoted officials .	i have instructions to get you and other scientists out of the danger zone .	0
god bless you , pistol , you scurvy , lousy knave . god bless you !	god be with you , pistol , you dirty dog .	1
something bumps his leg .	something hits him in the leg .	1
these are the hair extensions doc robbins found on our victims .	you have to love the future .	0
# you fooled around on your baby #	# you 've done your love #	1
you do n't feel like talking ?	you do n't want to talk ?	1
now , greet them , write down their pain level - on a scale from 1 to 10 , find ... - kenny .	welcome them and assess the pain on a scale of 1 to 10 ... kenny .	1
then the girl ran in .	without needing any pulpit , it sank into nestor 's meat like water in the sand .	0
hey , shammi kapoor !	hey , shami kapoor !	1
he gestured in the direction of the big orion , who was looking insufferably complacent .	he pointed to the great orieman , who looked excruciatingly complacent .	1
he said it 's something about reficul .	good to see you all .	0
finished date	vz finish date	1
how much should i ...	how much do i have ...	1
the whole world 's about to be engulfed in hellfire , and you 're in magictown , u.s.a .	the whole world is to be consumed by hellfire , and you are in the city of magicians .	1
oh god ...	no ... oh , my god !	1
langley'stasked me to a special assignment .	langley gave me a special assignment .	1
they 're never caught .	they wo n't be caught .	1
watch out !	the rest of the passengers were frowning slightly at the size of an official vehicle into the lanes for public cabs , though there was a day off .	0
i 'm making a layer cake with crepes and a cream cheese and mascarpone coffee infusion .	i make pie from french pancakes , a mix of curd , mascarpone and coffee .	1
i like you the way you are now .	'true , 'serbitar agreed .	0
`` 'no , dear , not anymore , ' he said to her .	`` not anymore , my dear , '' he corrected .	1
after a brief conversation during which spit passed reginald ’ s wallet to warren , the two men came back to david ’ s car .	after a brief conversation , while spit handed him his wallet , the two men came to david 's car .	1
at the first ledge , scudi put an arm around his waist and helped him to a place against another ladder .	and he did n't sell it to me for the price you set .	0
for example the *.torrent will match any item which ends in .torrent .	you ca n't leave her in the parking lot .	0
that 's how you 're gon na be happy .	the dark-coloured sugar syrup poured into the cone moulds and then dried .	0
if nothing else , birds or beasts of prey -- perhaps the banshee-screamer from the heights they had heard last night -- might be abroad in the dark .	if nothing else , there might be wild birds or wild animals around here - maybe the death fairy that they heard screamed last night .	1
`` at the end of the bar .	`` at the end of the counter .	1
overland is out , that would be insane .	out of mind , that 's not going to happen , that would be madness .	1
`` because of our former long-standing association , the directors thought i could read your mind .	`` given our earlier lasting cooperation , the board of directors thought i could read your mind .	1
no . they 're on their way .	do n't talk to me about what you 're talking about .	0
it 's time we had a victory over racism at home .	it 's time for us to defeat racism at our home .	1
oh , horrie .	i came across the watch of a voluntary task force for germany .	0
see , there 's your mommy , look , yeah , it 's okay .	he can do such a surprise at any time .	0
female announcer : the tar pits will be open in five minutes .	another potential indicator is the ratio of the merger of leading companies , which accounts for individual market shares of lead competitors [ 23 ] .	0
and he trusted me with your care .	and he entrusted me with your care .	1
he sure as hell needed to think now .	and now he really needed to think .	1
greatly . trolls are nothing but subdued in daylight .	trolls are subdued in daylight .	1
their goal was not quite that far , on a plateau short of the ultimate heights .	we should n't talk about that .	0
maybe ... maybe it 's a miracle drug .	maybe it 's a miracle cure .	1
you probably feel like ... you do n't have a choice , but you do , jack .	you 'll spend an hour with her .	0
i know how it works !	i know how it goes .	1
'come out or burn ! '	issued visas will be uniform and for multiple entry for a maximum of 90 days from the first entry into the area .	0
it 's a new day , and the war is over . and to the victors go the spoils .	there 's a new day , the war is over , and the winner takes it all .	1
then , we gave her what we call alz-112 , a gene therapy that allows the brain to create its own cells in order to repair itself .	then we gave him the alz-112 drug , a noun of genetic treatment that stimulates the brain to produce its own new cells .	1
not sure .	we 're not sure .	1
notice how bob gets all the attention and we 're just the appendages who happen to be nearby .	you notice how bob gets all the attention and we 're just his trailers .	1
jane , i do n't -- - rosy cheeks , no warts	`` well , that 's when the whole island was on its feet , because at the university he began to lecture and teach igor patterson . ''	0
they do n't need arms , legs , or even bodies to pass intel to central command .	they do n't need arms , legs , or bodies to pass a message to their commander .	1
draft legislative resolution adopted ( p6_ta ( 2005 ) 0276 ) 4.5. erdf , esf and cohesion fund ( vote )	draft legislative resolution adopted ( p6 _ ta ( 2005 ) 0276 ) 4.5 .	1
soon as you 're dead , i 'm gon na redo this place .	when you die , i 'm going to redo the whole thing .	1
officer , could i have your belt , please ?	where 's her mother ?	0
i sleep with her , ... then i change her back ... ... and use the mare for my work .	i 'll sleep with her ... ... then i 'll change her back ... ... and i 'll take her .	1
hi . uh . did i accidentally drop a condom in your case ?	get them off me !	0
`` guess so .	now i 've had a pretty disturbing phone call with the foundation .	0
i suppose he was right next to her .	he was right next to me .	1
i 'll send someone down .	she does n't want you to carry out your office .	0
is he a jew ? - yes .	he 's jewish ?	1
we 'll put these guys in the ground , carry your friend back .	we 're gon na bury those guys and bring your friend back .	1
finally , you will have to demonstrate that finished and packed air cargo/air mail is checked before despatch .	you must also demonstrate that the airline 's complete and packaged air cargo / air mail is inspected prior to dispatch .	1
no , but if i say he did , we'il have to keep him outside .	no , but if i say yes , he 'll have to stay out .	1
again ... and --	what style do they have on printed reports ?	0
breast-feeding tell your doctor if you are breast-feeding or about to start breast-feeding .	go to the cia and tell helm that hunt blackmailed the president .	0
theres no such animal .	a dungeon where i take indecent people who wave their unwashed lips .	0
why 'd the cluster send a kid ? i 'm the youngest eighth level in the church , sir .	he wanted to take her away .	0
just because i 'm alone does n't mean i wan na walk around naked .	it 's a survivor 's fault .	0
i did n't know what happened in the grand prix .	why did n't you say so ?	0
so we did n't tell you . and i went to the hospital alone .	so we decided not to tell you and we went to the hospital .	1
oh , becky , i 've wanted you for so long .	becky , i long for you .	1
you only got two bags , dad .	the commission should therefore have examined more thoroughly whether the applicants `` products will be exempted from the list established by the us authorities .	0
`` did you have any difficulty in returning to helium from morbus ? '' i asked .	`` did you have any trouble on your way back to helium ? ''	1
thank you for allowing us into your lovely home , marco .	thank you for your acceptance in this wonderful house .	1
hercules o'brien ... 32 plays without losing one 25 fighters seriously injured .	the director pointed out , however , that psychological harassment was not possible .	0
and stop eating that . you do n't even know what it is .	you do n't even know what it is .	1
these rituals ?	the rituals .	1
self-hatred is the mother ’ s milk of closeted lesbians ... everywhere .	ms. navabi .	0
you just go on home and forget about it , huh , ike ?	just go home and forget it , ike .	1
this , in turn , triggers a distortion in competition both within individual member states and within the single market .	and i 'm not kicking an operation until you prove that you 're holding up to the end of the job .	0
pompous , inbred swine .	you were so happy for him !	0
well , actually , that 's not true .	hey , man , i 'm just trying not to lose my job .	0
she wo n't talk after the drug wears off .	when the drug wears off , he wo n't tell us anything .	1
well , i may not have a man , but at least i 've got you , poopsie-doodle .	well , maybe i do n't have men , but at least i have you , my sugar .	1
ca n't believe the two of you grew up in the same house , and you did n't know the other one was gay .	you ca n't know this , since you 're not proficient in science , but the noise and the fumes are simply spawning my alcoholic engine .	0
and i am sorry about that crack on the jaw .	and i 'm sorry about the beard on my chin .	1
hello , i am , what are you doing ?	hey , hey , it 's me . what are you doing ?	1
precisely sixty-seven seconds after his arrival , he fell to his knees before the statue and began clutching his throat .	terrorist zastelen	0
tonight .	yeah , night .	1
what it 's like ?	what kind ?	1
she do n't do nothing .	he does n't do anything .	1
you put the paper towel up your ass , too ?	ray 's recording a solo album .	0
what ?	how ?	1
good bye , sayonara .	ladies , jessica .	0
are you moving ? - yeah .	you moving ?	1
it 's all about control and power .	and here it 's always about control and power .	1
it is noted that there is no unique or universally accepted system of determining the co-efficient of friction when defining slip resistance of floor surfaces .	there is no unique or universal system for determining the coefficient of friction in defining the anti-slide properties of the floor surface .	1
i have issues with anyone who treats god like a burden instead of a blessing ... like some catholics .	everyone for whom god is a burden instead of a blessing .	1
i ca n't believe that you would cooperate with this murderer -- you , of all people .	i ca n't believe you would have worked with that killer .	1
oh , `` walt . '' now , you got ta call me walt .	please call me walt .	1
alternate the left and right side of the lower abdominal area at each injection .	rotate the left and right lower left side of the abdomen at each injection .	1
closing this case .	he 's closed the case .	1
did you get your name ?	you 're such a beautiful painting	0
i 'm an alcoholic . the situation took place abroad , at a banquet after the festival .	that 's why they 're in trouble .	0
there 's a great lot of them , and i think there 's apt to be a great lot more before i am through .	you 'd never admit that , would n't you ? ``	0
let 's go someplace nice .	come somewhere nice .	1
`` i understand her , too , '' said trevize , oscillating one hand to indicate his understanding was n't perfect .	i love eggs .	0
there are a dozen missing .	we simply have to find him , even if it takes all day .	0
uh , yeah , it was- it was just a slang term , you know .	oh , yeah , it was ... it was a slang expression .	1
but you 've proventhat it is a great combination .	oh , come on .	0
thank you , sir . i 'm sorry .	thank you , sir .	1
teacher , you should quit you set an example for the others	they were n't complete .	0
hey ! that party-pooper 's ruining avatar day !	hey , that idiot 's ruining the avatar day !	1
you think those assholes can handle it on there own sir ?	do you think those assholes can do it on their own ?	1
you 're my best friend . okay ?	and from the bar .	0
still there seemed an unusual amount of burning going on , and smoke rose from many points round about .	zhang huike is a third-class pupil at shuiquan .	0
mmm . you feel that ?	`` i have n't had time to tell him yet . ''	0
all selected users will be granted full control .	all selected users will be given permission to complete proceedings .	1
mr. brenner knew that you 'd wantto see this as soon as possible ... so he brought it by the diner and , uh ...	mr. brenner knew you 'd want to see it as soon as possible . so he brought it to me when he went to lunch , uh ...	1
( c ) freezer tuna seiners and longliners :	( c ) frozen tuna seiners and longliners : 23 vessels ;	1
dumptruck , i saw you wearing it two hours ago .	idiot , i told you to wear it two hours ago .	1
well , i did n't think it was relevant .	i did n't think it was important .	1
* no more poison killing my emotions ... whoo-hoo , you feel like dancing ?	* no more poison killing my self ... do you want to rip ?	1
so , are you ok with that ?	his method is to bring a run to the bank by spreading rumours that a given bank has problems , prompting clients to raise money .	0
so there was another package at the crime scene .	there was another package at the scene .	1
i 've already inspected it , i 'm sure it 's harmless .	we checked the house .	0
in p01522 , improvement in signs and symptoms was also observed as early as week 2 .	% 1	0
it 's more than a city , it 's a symbol .	yes , i want you , baby .	0
- life-long learning and career development .	i 'm sending you a unit .	0
i 've always been sorry i was born a `` shinobi '' .	i always regretted i was born as a 'shinobi ' .	1
i just want you to sit here , act normal , ignore him .	no , no , no , i just want you to sit here and act normal and ignore him .	1
first of all , my name is j , okay ?	my name 's jé , okay ?	1
you know , we just wanted to , uh , make sure that you guys are as comfortable as possible with us .	you know , we want to make sure that you can be happy with us .	1
he 's around somewhere .	somewhere .	1
she wanted to make sure he knew she was black .	i know , maxine , largesse is the basis of your nature .	0
that if one were to look into the eyes of the skull , ..one would be teleported to see aliens .	when someone looks in the face of the skull , it 's teleported away to see aliens .	1
ah , children dadan , brother .	yay , dadan 's kids , bro !	1
i heard some guys talking . guys i work with .	so i went to you , `` how am i supposed to get there ? ''	0
look , it 's family only , all right ?	she can only be family , okay ?	1
how am i going to cash these paychecks without father knowing ?	how do i keep the money out without my father finding out ?	1
my only order was to let him go .	my only rule was to let him be .	1
i 'd be willing to take my chances with the other searchers . ''	leave her alone , white boy !	0
maybe your friend -- i mean , maybe that woman just got capped .	maybe your friend , i mean , they just killed that woman .	1
you hate to fly , right ?	did you also hear my computer print printer ?	0
i and graziella will take the streets .	first , i have to ask you a few questions .	0
now , i know what you 're thinking :	there 's a lot of money in it .	0
and , well , i do n't know what she looks for now .	well , i do n't know what she 's looking for .	1
i 've been getting some pretty weird propositions .	halfway through their expedition , after more than 1000 hours among penguins , they are beginning to lose the notion of reality .	0
the commission can not argue that there is state aid because of a possible change in the law , which in this case is highly improbable .	but how do you get in without triggering an alarm ?	0
the participant concerned may refuse consent only if it can demonstrate that its legitimate interests would suffer disproportionately great harm .	the relevant party may refuse only if it can prove that its legitimate interests would be significantly impaired .	1
mr. monk , i know you 're a busy man .	mr. monk , i know you have plenty .	1
oh , you wanker .	there was a shadow of chilling terror in her voice .	0
did you hear what i said ? grandma had a stroke ?	did your grandmother have a stroke ?	1
you justify so much .	you still justify it .	1
leave him alone . he does n't need more shit .	leave him alone !	1
he 's ruthless and impatient .	he 's harsh and impatient .	1
do you remember how long it took to get the courts to okay the sky trails stock conversions ?	do you remember how long it took before the courts approved the lifting of shares from celestial roads ?	1
ordinarily an agent has a duty to save his own neck—in order to complete his mission and report back .	yeah , they all booked coffee , quite a regular .	0
hmm . well , that 's an improvement .	but when you 're out , you ca n't go back .	0
but if there were agents outside ... why are n't they kicking in the door , looking to collect a comes-back-to-life barbie ?	however , under article 9 of regulation ( ec ) no 1 / 2003 , it offered commitments to address the commission 's competition concerns .	0
i have taken up an unconscionable amount of your time .	i wasted an enormous amount of your time .	1
i thought if i went deeper into my own spiritual journey through meditation -- but i ca n't shake you from my thoughts .	as far as bulgaria is concerned , serious problems in the invitation to tender prevented the start-up of 2 ( deletion of deficiencies ) until mid-2005 .	0
he crawled out , rested till the gray dawn broke , and then headed north through the willows .	he climbed ashore , rested until the dark dawn , and then dropped the willow to the north .	1
you do n't want to help me earn my wings ?	even if we never did win our pageantry , or did n't take the national round at all , it would still be worth it .	0
i will not return without her . ”	so i 'll leave her to the wolves .	0
no wonder he 's panicking about how good a father he 's going to be .	no wonder he 's scared of what his father will be .	1
do you know who i got it from ?	she was n't interested .	0
i mean , if they know the facts , that 's quite enough , i should think .	i mean , they should be enough to know the facts , at least in my opinion .	1
are you sure you want to send a message without a subject line ?	susan andrews .	0
they may have a lot of opinions about it ,	when i was 16 , i fell in love .	0
a howl came up from the forest .	why do everyone keep using names like everyone else in marketing ?	0
i know miami was n't really your scene .	i know miami was n't exactly your gusto .	1
well , i mean , what for ?	you 're not obsessed , jane .	0
he traded hands , examining my right .	he changed his hands and examined my right hand .	1
i can'tbelieve i have n't been here before .	does not play any of the music players ( % 1 ) .	0
you'il have to come with us , wray .	i 'm just borrowing my jacket and i 'm on my way .	0
bold stripes	stripes	1
uh , dwight shrute has won every single item here .	although for cooking , your mother was so popular with zed zed top and similar , i 'm quite sure she does n't make the best scrambled eggs .	0
475 tonnes of “ baby beef ” , expressed in carcase weight , originating in the customs territory of kosovo ( 7 ) .	first , check to see if the phone cord is properly connected to the computer and whether it is plugged into a phone outlet .	0
`` we 're inside seas , oceans , hills , graveyards , everywhere .	i give you a tip on the great solution ... even better , the chance to prove that the other doctors are idiots .	0
could you please let go of me now ?	dogs ca n't talk .	0
do n't you two look beautiful .	you 're welcome .	0
i 've been your weed-whacker for two days ... ... while you sit like the king of england .	i 've been beating the grass for two days , and you 're sitting on your horse like the king of england .	1
but , i have a little brother , and he really was kind of struggling in his math class .	everything about him consisted of sunlight , and all his guts tried to slip out of the hole that the dog had put in it .	0
well , put him on .	put him through .	1
they 'd been home from the ball for half an hour , and she 'd already shed her own court costume .	they came back from the house about half an hour ago , and she was already taking off her evening gown .	1
darwin 's theory of evolution by natural selection .	darwin 's theory of evolution ,	1
he dismembered these women while they were still alive .	we do n't have the same idea for certain things , but we both have the same goal - to defeat luden macks and the witnesses. ``	0
16 art .	article 16 ( e )	1
what does modnet make again ?	you see how people think of me how they love my ruble .	0
i am not letting you go back on that stage .	i 'm not gon na let you take that stage again !	1
with the tip of his staff he drew a circle on the ground and a five-pointed star within the circle .	so matsuko and takashi , start taking care of your family !	0
five weeks later , i was down 240 feet ... trying to get a line around the squalus when he died .	look how you 're standing , you should know , kung fu .	0
sifu , sifu .	sifu	1
no arrests were made .	they did n't arrest anyone .	1
i 'm here , are n't i ?	i do n't know why you wanted my death , but in any case , your wish came true .	0
here 's who 's going to florida .	in respect of failure to comply with those requirements , the same regulation requires the applicant to return the lad to the aid granted .	0
like they were floating around in space just waiting for someone to listen .	and the last is rhode island !	0
your unrelenting stubbornness is maddening .	your relentless bludgeoning is madness .	1
i got them a set of turtle boiling pots , shell hammer and bibs .	i gave them a set of jars with turtles , a hammer on a shell and a bib .	1
`` the probability lies in that direction .	bean reminded them of ender wiggin .	0
i saw that in a nickelodeon and always wanted to do it .	i saw it once in the cinema and i always wanted to do it .	1
just tell penelope i 'm sick , okay ?	sarge , you stay here .	0
i mentioned your interest in the project , that 's all . that 's all i had to say .	i mentioned your interest in the project .	1
i 'm going to see kamaji	i consider that the objectives of regulation no 1768 / 92 and the paediatric population lead to a positive answer to the question referred .	0
you sure you do n't want to kill all humans ?	the turbine-powered m-1 tanks gave no such noise as oil tanks .	0
your sheets are so soft .	your sheets are so delicate .	1
you do n't have to do that .	you do n't have to , please .	1
like a ... like aplymouth or chevy or something .	i do n't know , like plymouth or chevy or something .	1
yeah , my ... husband 's been away a while .	after 9 / 11 , i was worried about the safety of my family ...	0
your 1 3-year-old son 's future .	i meant your son 's future .	1
the projectile is a rock with a white streamer wrapped around it .	the shooting is a stone wrapped in white .	1
sir , please fasten your seat belt .	sir , fasten your seatbelts , please .	1
why did n't you answer the door when i knocked ?	why did n't you open when i knocked ?	1
( i ) y.a.s .	tanda saw the huge energy stream .	0
you exist and then you cease to exist .	he 's wondering how we could have gotten someone to agree to such an attempt .	0
he 's 32 .	thirty-two .	1
and we will be hanging from nets and it will be really cool .	and we 're gon na hang out on the networks , and it 's gon na be really cool .	1
no . no , he left before i did .	why did i quit ?	0
then show him in .	then take him in .	1
brown kept it filled with water from the well and proudly announced that it did not leak a drop .	brown filled him with water from a well and proudly announced that he would n't run a little .	1
it 's too good a cake not to eat .	the cake does n't deserve to be eaten .	1
dask , what 's happening down there ?	what 's going on , daska ?	1
'my god , ' brawne lamia said softly .	`` my god , '' said brawne lamia .	1
you know this ... this we picked up from the daughters .	well , do you think you can look at her name ?	0
do you know , honestly , you are like a bull with an 'ard-on in a china shop , it 's ridiculous .	honestly , you 're like a bull with an erection in a chinese shop .	1
help them ?	he 's trying , but he ca n't just be everywhere	0
a woman like her , i never thought she 'd settle down .	the woman in her format , i would never think she would settle .	1
now it 's only two .	there are two .	1
go against three hands .	sentence him to death in an electric chair for burglary ?	0
guess what . macaroni and cheese is bad for you , and jerry garcia 's dead . ''	`` hey , emma , guess what , mac and cheese are not healthy , and jerry garcia is dead . ''	1
i 'm sorry i put us asunder .	everything will be different in a few years .	0
i had n't really --	the boy did n't even thank me .	0
what the fuck 's happenin ' ?	what 's going on ?	1
ok , dad .	`` as long as the average density of attacks remains immutable , we do n't have a chance , love .	0
i wanted to hear what was happening .	i want to know ... would you do anything differently ?	0
i saw by their faces that all the other earls , nobles , and warriors were happy as buliwyf himself .	actually , it sounds more logical .	0
connor is a great mentor .	but that does not mean that the 1990s , even with their conclusion , which culminated this summer , were catastrophic .	0
i 've regretted it ever since .	i really regretted it .	1
sometimes you ca n't control the outcome .	sometimes you just do n't influence the outcome .	1
there are n't any rats left .	there are no rats anymore .	1
first offence , you 'll get a week inside .	for the first offense of a week .	1
so that 's what he was up to ...	that 's what he was about .	1
cleanup is not my chief concern . -brian , that 's all right .	it will be cold at night .	0
the music that he 's created ... i don 't really listen to it ... but the fact that he 's making it , i respect that ...	no , it 's not possible .	0
well , as for you reward , it 's gone on up until it 's now your worth five thousand dollars .	someone help me .	0
we 're gon na evacuate the area , try and contain the wormhole .	we evacuate the area and attempt to close the wormhole .	1
carla , and a lovely woman by the name of margaret .	i think you can go if you want .	0
i was thinking about bringing up the idea with mom .	i thought i might suggest the idea to my mom .	1
try closing other open documents or applications .	frequency unknown : α coastal hypersensitivity reactions ( rash , pruritus , urticaria , angioedema )	0
hey , you did n't invite stephanie to come with us , did you ?	i do n't have to worry about him anymore .	0
can you deal ?	from all sides , they were surrounded by tall , snow-covered peaks that looked at each other over their shoulder and stretched to the far horizon .	0
i 'm all ears like a circoille hare . ''	he died prematurely .	0
storrs , connecticut originally .	you still do n't answer .	0
i mean , all weekend .	the quantities and places where the products are stored may be obtained at the addresses listed in annex ii .	0
i just want a word .	his helmet did n't choke him .	0
this is fabulous .	it 's beautiful .	1
well ... ( feedback ) you 're still not answering .	all right , hold up .	0
luggage .	do you really want to send a message without specifying an object ?	0
are you one of those whiners , who get the total crisis with 40 and try to repeat their youth ?	will you be such a loser who will be at 40 to fight a total crisis and be subject to the temptation to reclaim his youth ?	1
what game ?	what struggle ?	1
i 'll put him to work again .	i 'll bring him back to work .	1
what ? honey !	what 's going on , baby ?	1
you taught me all about the talmon , the line of jareeba , but you did n't say nothing about taking care of baby dracs .	you taught me everything about talman and the lineage of the jeriba family , but you did n't tell me how to care for tiny dragons .	1
narrow and pointed .	you 're mr. knox .	0
we 're getting leaks from several nasa officials , some rushing home to be with their families , that the drilling was unsuccessful .	nasa staff are rushing home to their families as drilling has been unhelpful .	1
in view of his state of health he is no longer required to work for the institution .	due to its health , the official is no longer required to work for the institution .	1
making chocolate chip pancakes in the shape of care bears .	i made chocolate potato cakes in the shape of bear cubs .	1
they 're gon na come back .	get me a drink .	0
hell , it ai n't even on the map anymore .	the city is n't even on the map anymore .	1
coco : no , you ca n't ask me to keep my motherfucking voice down , because they 're getting their cashier 's check .	where have you been when the gods have enlightened me ?	0
he does n't like her hair , she 's two minutes late .	if he does n't like her hairstyle , when he comes two minutes late .	1
watch your depth , she'il squat .	where have you been ?	0
he told me to go and lay down .	we 're waiting for you soon , bettie .	0
all right ? all you got ta do , pull down your pants real quick , show 'em the goods .	just roll your pants real quick , quick , and shove off your junk .	1
they foreclosed on cousin bishop .	did you see him ? ``	0
negative both times .	to tennessee !	0
look around . we are in hades !	but the problem is that he does n't respect anyone 's opinion of his writing .	0
did he have a history of depression ?	`` i 'm here , '' he said .	0
you'il find details of the route in this portfolio .	that 's true .	0
i hate them , shitting all over the place and ...	why do you sleep on the couch ?	0
i just need to figure out some way that i can get inside .	twenty-nine , twenty-eight ...	0
i 've used it on myself on occasion—when i was particularly tired .	i used to do it occasionally - when i was really tired .	1
fork . fuck .	he 'll get what he wants and who he wants .	0
yeah .	oh .	1
that was god ... answering my prayers .	all right , is that it ?	0
for each situation or problem we can put up a solution for you .	for a given situation or problem , we will be working a solution for you .	1
you 're not going to believe this but some la producer called and wants to do a play about my life .	you 're not really gon na believe this , but a producer from l.a. called me and he says he wants to do something out of my life .	1
get to iceland , '' baker ordered .	now iceland , `` baker commanded .	1
she walked steadily toward the door , trying to ignore that voice , keeping her eyes fixed straight ahead .	so average like ours ?	0
wow , mcgee , this is like christmas all over again .	maybe he wo n't .	0
to make the past more vivid , or perhaps to dim the present , everyone drank rathel , dispensed by nahkri 's slaves .	to make her more animated , or rather dim by the present , they all drank rathel , echoing nakhri 's slaves .	1
where the hell are you ? .	then perhaps ... but only ... will he have an understanding of your loss if he sees you regret your mistake. ``	0
meant what ?	do n't say anything .	0
my lord saruman , he must be hunted down ... and destroyed , once and for all .	range 20 knots .	0
glad to see you 're okay , sweetie .	from the dank sanctuary , where mrs jessica , the tyrant 's grandmother , came up with something other than the population .	0
you 've seen me to the door .	after the answer , the cup fell out of his hand .	0
i-i forget whose .	and-and i forgot whose .	1
( 5 ) oj no l 259 , 7 . 10 . 1975 , p. 9 .	[ 5 ] oj l 259 , 7.10.1975 , p. 9 .	1
hurry up ! hurry up , darling .	all right , we 'll pick him up on the stretcher .	0
oh , but you do n't start a cake by breaking an egg . you have to put the butter and sugar in first .	destroy those races before they reach the 7x zone where funky boy is resting .	0
your colleague . you went through my phone ?	i 'd forgotten about that .	0
this is unnecessary , you know .	it 's useless to know .	1
to miya he said , `` my father is many things , but no fool .	he was appalled by the sudden death of this progressive and popular pope .	0
and if this respect propels me toward the nomination as your vice presidential candidate , i will be greatly honored .	and look , they 're branded .	0
our days are pressure-filled .	our days are a pleasure .	1
fuck me . - man :	oh , fuck me .	1
if ... that 's true , you have to have a measure of intelligence about you , which means you can reason .	i was kidding , mattie .	0
it 's gon na be a restaurant .	i 'll make it out of the restaurant .	1
i 'm sorry , jen , but as a rule we do n't talk about your insane business ideas before breakfast .	snooping , snooping , or simply spying ?	0
the measures included the introduction of capital controls aimed at stemming capital flight .	do you have dinosaur hands ?	0
hey , check this out .	hey , look at this .	1
good enough , pilot .	it 's quite possible , pilot .	1
campbell : dude , i get it .	man , i get it .	1
after all , i 'd picked the bloodsucker over him last night .	you got a fag ?	0
nras should cooperate with each other , international standards bodies and industry stakeholders to develop common technical standards in this regard .	& import channels ...	0
people are coming and going .	`` did brigham charge you with evelda drumgo 's conflict ? '' krendler asked .	0
just lie on the ground .	nice guy , huh ?	0
i can suck down , like , a half dozen of these babies , no ill effects .	i can suck half a dozen of them , and it wo n't affect me .	1
hold on . police officer .	i 'm the police .	1
you mi ... what 's up , you fat bitch ?	what about you , fat cow ?	1
niun grew confused , disturbed at a vague memory .	i do n't know how to explain it , but i just have to vent it .	0
you better get yourself a garlic t-shirt , buddy .	in the last five years , the world 's population has grown rapidly .	0
although he was fond of tasslehoff , the kender 's `` borrowing '' distressed him .	though he liked tasslehoff , the kender 's constant `` borrowed '' irritated him .	1
i 'm bored is all .	i 'm transferred to leon trotsky .	0
he 's an artist with the american greeting card company .	he 's drawing a card for the american greeting card .	1
he might also kick the shit out of jp , who does n't want that ?	i never thought that was in you , frankly .	0
however , the commitment to smoke-free objectives would remain voluntary and there would be no sanctions for non-compliance with the agreed targets .	however , a commitment to set a ban on smoking would remain voluntary , and no sanctions would be imposed for non-compliance with agreed sub-targets .	1
i never saw marge in that way . i never looked at her as a sex object .	and he 's dying .	0
i 'm thinking about eileen 's slow smile .	i 'll have to call for technical support .	0
that 's how i knew that you were the one and that the prophecy of the sacred texts had been fulfilled .	but he looks like my dad .	0
hey ! new girl ! hey !	i represent the united states government .	0
where were we ... 4.3 ?	and where were we ?	1
eight brilliant intellects assembled to create a generation of super babies .	eight minds at the genius level were composed together to create a generation of `` super kids . ''	1
well , partly because this building is an architectural gem and deserves to be landmarked .	why would he do that ?	0
( d ) develop detailed curricula for all esdc training activities building on the agreed outline curricula ;	( d ) to draw up a detailed curriculum for esbow training on the basis of approved apprenticeship proposals ;	1
anyone have any explanation for these red stripes extending from the soft palate down the esophagus ? - lacerations ?	does anyone have an explanation for the red stripes stretching from the soft floor to the oesophagus ?	1
it is requested that the following additional information be provided concerning the types of beer listed :	the cold probing did n't change .	0
holding it over the man 's chest , julian asked simply , `` do you serve murmandamus ? '	there 's water all over the place , and the only way out is by the bridge .	0
down with the bloody big head , the bloody big head being the red queen .	he was fucking him , the faggot !	0
no time for maternity leave .	you take this three times a day after meals ... until you 've got it all .	0
but that was the worst breakup in history !	you should talk to him .	0
we are most pleased to make you welcome , monsieur .	get a good job , you fucking prick .	0
and we both know what happens , now , do n't we ?	and we both know what will happen , right ?	1
what do you got going here ?	thank you for trying , trimble .	0
consequently , it is questionable to what extent it was not possible for the applicant to visit the members of his family and meet his child .	do you feel like that ?	0
someone was speaking to me , whispering on the aetheric .	but then the school started , and ancannon lost her friends .	0
i got ta go away . i 'm ... some ...	i have to go .	1
i began to nod off , when i felt something rub against me .	i started to fall asleep when something started to rub in on me .	1
a lot of people make the same mistake .	a lot of people get this wrong .	1
i 'd teach the kid how to play baseball .	a man who will do anything to keep his fucking career .	0
i inspect it and say , `` i realize that was an important time .	i 'm going to check him out and say , `` i realise this was an important time .	1
i can crawl and hop if i have to .	i can crawl and jump one .	1
poor old rosalie was down there trying to be g ood , and thad felt absurdly grateful .	poor old rosalie tried to be polite to him , and tad was absurdly grateful .	1
indeed , benefits from economies of scope frequently can be realised without any need for technical or contractual bundling .	the benefits from economies of scale can often be implemented without technical or contractual associated sales .	1
get a photo of the car to all petrol stations in the city .	some fucking guitarist .	0
for the new member states , the possibility exists to implement a leader+-type measure under their rural development programmes .	shrubs on our left , the dragon 's head emerged .	0
under his leadership , the police force was responsible for the use of extrajudicial force on suspects during arrest and pre-trial detention .	behind his leadership , police forces were responsible for using unlawful violence during arrests and detainees ' ties .	1
the summer climate was not all that much unlike moscow , but more humid .	she could n't .	0
yeah ?	there was a howling from the woods .	0
take this medicine ... 3 times a day after meals ... until the prescription runs out .	you travel , you learn new things , you recognize new people .	0
she did not commit this crime .	she did n't commit .	1
here is a treat to make our minor prehistoric pit stop ... ... a bit more enjoyable .	here 's a little treat to make you comfortable ... ... our little pre-historic stop .	1
only to see sun break dawn once more .	stop it !	0
the only explanation is that she cheated on me with something that looks like that .	nakor put a stack of white powder from the vial into his left palm , then sealed the bottle .	0
and justly so !	and rightly so !	1
thanks . - mmm .	thank you .	1
you do n't like the wave ?	but the good nurse had the need to shoot one of our horses .	0
this is your moment , right ?	`` old songs and forefathers are important , '' he said .	0
you see ... i was on a business trip . gone a couple , three weeks .	you know , i 've been traveling for about three weeks .	1
what torments me now is that , every time i look at you ,	what torments me right now is that every time i look at you , i see your mother 's face .	1
after dilution the infusion is stable for 24 hours at 2 °c - 8 °c ( in a refrigerator )	after dilution , the infusion solution is stable for storage in a refrigerator at 2 ° c - 8 ° c for 24 hours .	1
dear father , i know you only say such things to comfort me .	father , i know you 're just saying that .	1
well , then everything is in order .	then everything is fine .	1
`` the other major problem is her platelet count , '' walter said .	i do n't believe in anything . i just want to go home .	0
`` hiro is so bright and creative but needs to work harder on his cooperation skills . ''	`` hiro is very bright and creative , but he should work on his relation to the collective . ''	1
send link to portland - rose city webcam	it 's hard for the first time .	0
it 's marvellous from the terrace .	from the terrace there is an amazing look at the sunset .	1
he 's here .	yeah , he 's here with me .	1
i do n't keep no niggas when they do n't wan na be kept .	i 'm not sticking to any niggas if you do n't want to be with me .	1
despite their comprehensiveness and inter-sectorial approach , all plans were adopted at the level of the ministry of health .	from there , you get the light polarized into all directions at once , all mixed together .	0
import visiomodeler ( *.imd , *.wdd ) file	visiomodeler file import ( * .imd , * .wdd )	1
i warn you , you had better have a reason ! ''	`` state of comparative theology , '' senji sneered .	0
i got the slides , kim .	i have the things kim .	1
why , 'cause you 've beenthat person ?	a little bit of uncertainty , a little piss will do you good !	0
it still does n't make a lick of sense .	no 479 / 2008 ( * )	0
none for me , thanks .	i 'm not , thanks .	1
i do not like coffins . - do not you all go ?	i do n't like coffins .	1
and then it 'll be quick - germany will be liberated .	i 'd do anything for people to leave the woods .	0
what he 's got to worry about ?	should there be anything to worry about ?	1
he 's a ...	he 's the one .	1
congratulations how we feeling ?	congratulations .	1
that 's important .	i know who called it .	0
if anyone has the least doubt , i 'd like to hear it now .	you 're the most civilised customer ever .	0
it 's too much for tetsuo ... and for the three of us also and for akira too .	we do n't want you to pull the case .	0
i 'll get around to it .	i 'll get to that .	1
i ca n't land anything .	i ca n't control anything .	1
defendant : commission ( represented by r. lyal and c. urraca caviedes , acting as agents )	urraca caviedes , acting as agents )	1
or maybe he just got up the nerve to ask her out .	in third countries , a temperature of 80 ° c is used for spray-dried blood and plasma plasma .	0
we do n't `` hate '' homosexuals , we , we we just do n't want them to be able to marry .	she begged me .	0
only thing you 've contributed so far to this is bad intel .	the only thing you 've contributed so far is bad intelligence .	1
it 's a contest , between a bunch of the brothers to see who can bring the ugliest date .	impact on own resources	0
seems to me it 's not deep enough for a shelter .	we ca n't win this round , we can only give him a couple of blows .	0
she eats in the cafeteria .	and he 's not going down .	0
they filed the notice this morning .	keep an eye on maxidog fek on the other side .	0
the aircraft maintenance and regular checks are performed by čsa under a license issued by the european aviation safety agency ( easa ) .	corrections and regular revisions of the aircraft are carried out by the csa on the basis of a issued by easa european aviation safety regulator .	1
that 's really beautiful .	in order to access the file , ryanair was unintentionally providing information about other stakeholders .	0
granted , we all have a few less parents , but we can still have fun .	yes , we all have a few parents less now , but we can talk all the time .	1
6 to 5 and pick 'em .	if they fail , i 'll use other means ; at first , i 'll try it with them .	0
we did hear that matt and ashley booked the wrong flight , and they 're getting in after us , which is kind of amazing .	we heard matt and ashley booked a bad flight .	1
let 's go . quick , come on .	oh , come on , you once ate a pound of plaster .	0
you have no idea by what a hell i 've gone in there .	you have no idea what hell i 've been through .	1
i got ta hand it to you , jimmy . you 're a smart guy .	i have to admit , jimmy , you 're a really smart guy .	1
i ca n't , mum . i 'm really sorry .	i 'm sorry .	1
maybe a twix bar .	go to your mother .	0
now we know who 's two .	now we know who 's who .	1
qatar : qa	come on , pilar .	0
one needs money to bribe customs agents .	they were n't even that heavy .	0
- common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) : a metallic taste ( taste disturbance ) .	common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) :	1
two champagnes , please , sir .	here-explained , klausten explained , there were limitations , in how detailed detail could be roused to produce the desired effect .	0
those who have had an accident and those who have one .	the ones who 've seen the accident and the ones who are still waiting .	1
12 ) , according to which that directive is to be without prejudice to more favourable provisions of the european social charter .	i feel like i 'm practicing .	0
are you okay ? - why ?	`` and i had my little one .	0
and we 're definitely gon na need a fast car ... - ... at the hotel back entrance . - uh-uh .	i do n't think anyone is here .	0
we have to get away .	urban dictionary says he 's a slang for crack .	0
total imports from the countries concerned amounted to 33063 units in the investigation period .	the total volume of imports from the countries concerned was 33063 pieces at the time of the investigation .	1
never do i ever want to hear another word	`` i do n't want to hear any more words	1
now at least he will know what he is fighting against . ''	her heart teases into my ear , but the rhythm is not right .	0
do you have an allergy ?	yeah , i can fault your fucking life .	0
i missed my chance !	i screwed up my only chance .	1
how bad was the argument ?	as soon as i 'm done , they 're sending me back to hell .	0
even if it 's just the tiniest glimmer.. of hope .	come with me .	0
20 bucks , jack .	the test report should also be amended accordingly if all three phases are to be analysed .	0
you 'll find your muse .	# who writes your life ?	0
i should n't have have said all that stuff .	the old gardener asked for permission to do so .	0
but if we come up empty on this ...	yeah , i sort of remember .	0
well , you hit an artery , you 're bound to get some of that .	well , if you hit an artery , you 'll find something there .	1
table 7 – sales to unrelated customers rip volume ( units ) index ( 2007 = 100 )	table 7 - sales to independent customers rip volume ( s )	1
oh , fuck it , you 're like those little girls and everybody else you live inside some fairy tale , right ?	did you do this to him ?	0
tonight ... when you 're alone ... then i 'll pay you a visit !	i 'll come tonight when you 're alone .	1
it was jambwal himself .	if he himself was n't jambling himself .	1
whoever my father was , for an hour or for a month , ... ..he must have been a happy man .	i do n't know my father , but whether he was with her for an hour or even a month , he must have had a great time .	1
`` but , ''	`` that 's why i thought that maybe under these circumstances - ''	0
and the reason and courage to solve any mystery mankind encounters .	is that the last thing i 'll ever hear ?	0
so that you could help him find what he 's looking for .	and he brought you back to this island to help him find what he was looking for .	1
that 's right , the uglier you are , the smarter you better be .	i beg your forgiveness !	0
it will be the last of all foundation forces .	you just destroyed a party in my honor and forgot my birthday .	0
they 're coming towards here .	they come here .	1
so are you .	the official ceremony to commemorate the cavell commemoration ceremony will be held when the proceedings with nurse livesey will be completed .	0
that was perfect ! so good .	really good .	1
maybe it has slid under the throne ? no .	no , it 's okay .	0
failed to open 'argument ' .	error opening 'argument ' .	1
he 's not probably too thrilled i 'm here .	i guess he 's not happy i 'm here .	1
you must remain under the care of your doctor while taking tybost .	ten years !	0
it 's pretty clear .	are you sure you want to do this without an exam ?	0
please . let the colonel alone .	`` tarzan will not harm teece 's pack , '' he said .	0
`` i have n't been home in a long time .	the train did n't stop , and the man was gone .	0
chained to the rock , i felt it .	what ? such an act would be very unpleasant for both of us !	0
why ? - because it did n't work .	because it did n't work .	1
`` and i will not carry myself down to die . when i go to my grave , my head will be high . ''	`` i do n't want to crawl on my knees , i 'll die with my head upright . ''	1
you 're tearing your stiches if you 're not careful .	dragosani remembered the place from his studies in bucharest .	0
'i went to look for him a couple of hours ago and there he was , flat on the snow , ' she said .	cam , who cares what one of us is going to do ?	0
authorisations or the variation to the terms of the marketing	if anything else is not allowed by this paragraph , no diesel fuel shall be used with a flash point of less than 60 ° c .	0
he touched a blue plastic rectangle stamped with a silver monogram : s & w .	i want him on the list .	0
and where was i when he was breathing his last breath ?	and where was i when he last breathed ?	1
we house fallen warriors .	i have to go look for him .	0
duke , cork those bottles .	you should leave that boy under your slippers to replace the oil before anyone else does .	0
the three other bridgeburner wizards were n't much to crow over .	the other three wizards were n't exactly handsome .	1
i 'll go in and createa distraction , and you get the key .	i 'm gon na go in there and mess up , and you get the key .	1
one day when i was 4 , your grandpa put me on the bike , with all the boys watching , pushed , and said `` go '' .	once , when i was four , your granddad put me on the bike , put him in front of all the boys and say go !	1
oh , my gosh , are you ok ?	oh , my god .	1
`` i am in love with you .	i love you .	1
now , all of a sudden , i feel ... so funny .	and suddenly i feel ... so weird .	1
landale wanted their money out immediately .	clemenza , the pizza is n't really cooked .	0
if the whole world saw me , all would be lost .	it 's a better feeling .	0
lara 's party .	take a look .	0
the russians are moving west .	the russians are moving west , from poland ,	1
invalid escape sequence in character class	we 'll remove it from the company .	0
'sixteen hundred kilometres . '	`` nearly sixteen hundred miles . ''	1
`` this may sound like a contradictory statement , '' the captain went on .	`` it may seem like a contradiction to you , '' the captain continued .	1
let 's all just put our dicks back in our pants for a second , okay ?	let 's put the birds in your pants for a second , all right ?	1
`` our sources have cain in brussels , not zurich , at the same timeeleven days ago .	`` our sources reported at the same time - eleven days ago - kaina 's presence in brussels , not in zurich .	1
does somebody mind tellin ' me what 's going on ?	can someone tell me what 's going on ?	1
i understand you a lot .	i quite understand .	1
'when will i know ? '	you just forgot one thing .	0
`` & align boxes ''	`` & alignment ''	1
and she had long since vowed that she would never again suffer such wounds .	and once she swore she would never suffer such a blow .	1
it 's me . i 'm sanshiro sugata .	the truth is ... i 'm sugata sanshiro .	1
the use of maize silage is prohibited .	it is forbidden to use silt corn .	1
captain , are you aware of how your ship is regarded ?	captain , do you even know what people think of your ship ?	1
okay , there was nobody fucking ... fuck !	i 'm here with the baby ! ``	0
yeah . me too , ése .	me too , ese .	1
quantity of internal units per purchase/sales price	quantity of internal units per purchase / sale price	1
i was about to ask you for relationship advice , but that 'd be like fitness tips from mouch .	i wanted to ask you about a relationship , but it would be like hearing tips on your fitness from mouche .	1
do you say every word you know under all circumstances ? ''	can you use every word you know about every situation ? ``	1
honestly , it 's my pleasure .	two latter activities represent a net expression of approximately 0.7 percent of gdp in 2004 .	0
because my lord beowulf is a mighty hero , and because he killed the demon grendel , and laid it 's mother in her grave .	the sailors lowered the plank to the pier , and greldik advanced on the waterfront .	0
and they take these little kids and they run them through these things	they take these babies , they get through this shed	1
and now jin cong has it , and he 's gotten away .	and now jin cong has him and he 'll escape with him .	1
treat for amyloidosis .	we 're going to treat amyloidosis .	1
lando threw him a look .	the previous conversation made him think too much about himself .	0
but only a fool ’ d go that way .	but only a fool would go in that direction .	1
|| article 16 ( 12 )	| | article 16 ( 12 )	1
poor girl .	sure , but to get his ranch .	0
a spoiled rich kid , that was all .	five years ago najal boss told a venezuelan cartel named huertavas the ghosts to steal the property of his rivals .	0
her voice is natural and she does it simply .	the voice has natural and makes it simple .	1
it appears that dethklok has taken to studying comedy .	madam , this is a police call .	0
you tried to help the city 's homeless ... ... tried to save the wretched and forgotten .	you tried to save them from misery and forgotten .	1
you wrote kitara 's song and the call ofthe prophets ?	did you write `` kitaora song '' and `` calling the prophets '' ?	1
so we 're waiting on a guy named doogie ? - russ :	so we 're waiting for a guy named doogie ?	1
oh ! oh ! you 're such a beast !	you 're an animal !	1
somebody forgive me , ” he moaned in the deserted farmhouse .	forgive me , `` he wailed in an abandoned country house .	1
crooked teeth are to be dealt with when you 're young .	crooked teeth are supposed to be equal when you 're small .	1
commander , they have n't seen daylight for three months .	candace will have another chance to win the house , right ?	0
`` sure it 's just sprained ? ''	`` are you sure it 's nothing serious ? ''	1
a corporation -- faucet and schaffer .	so in fact , you do n't have any experience of intimidation ?	0
yes ! this is not fair ! it 's not right !	it 's not fair .	1
if you do n't get better , you 've got a choice ... a bullet or a long walk in the snow .	if you do n't get better , you have a choice .	1
yes , i understood .	boss , i sent two text messages to the passenger .	0
these are all the cases of the pox i 've encountered or heard of .	the shiny residue from the burnt part of the cigarette was hair spray .	0
i will sweep the floors , water the plants .	i 'll sweep the floors . i 'll pour the flowers .	1
go to your transporter room . contact me from there .	as i lay there and tried not to think , i could hear stradlater returning from the washroom to our room .	0
ok , rabbit comes out the tree , rabbit goes around the tree ...	the rabbit comes out of the woods around the tree .	1
he . . . my lord , the whipman 's son was hard to see .	make up ? 50 .	0
the sky , which had been gray , was now tinged with a faint pinkish-orange glow .	previous manager , new filters	0
to the apartment .	borides karbidy nitridy uber with diamond properties ( 17 )	0
'crabbe and goyle are in the same mould , ' harry assured her .	'crabbe and goyle are the same , 'harry assured her .	1
an ordinay traveler .	an ordinary traveler .	1
good . i need you to pick somebody up at the airport .	you 'll pick up someone at the airport .	1
you have n't written your vows , have you ?	you have n't written him yet , have you ?	1
he 's a manager .	so , how 's it going with your bridge ?	0
everyone began to feel ridiculously cheerful and there was much laughing at quite feeble jokes .	they all began to laugh absurdly , and laughed even more of the humorous jokes .	1
i had the whole thing worked out , moz .	i had it all figured out , moz .	1
usually when i'maround the fallen , i get this ... weird feeling .	usually , when i 'm near paden , i have a ... a strange feeling .	1
you said we 'd known each other four years .	i 'd like to lose a lot of my weight .	0
`` is there something wrong ? '' bombest said in a worried tone .	the guard stood guard .	0
do n't make her kiss you in a fearful moment .	kudrina , keep an eye on the back .	0
what the hell , it really was n't their money that was stolen ... and everyone loves markie , so they give him a pass .	i do n't understand , ephram .	0
in 1975 was established pikaz jesenice , a plant engaged especially in production of single-purpose machines to meet needs of automobile industry companies .	in 1975 , the treatment of pikaz jesenice was principally involved in the production of single-purpose machinery for the purposes of the automotive industry .	1
bardan - my grandfather - led a small raiding party deep into the mountains , to where the enemy was camped .	i heard it 's snowing in chamonix .	0
who stopped it ?	even though it happened the day before it had .	0
as head of security , she 's ultimately his responsibility .	as head of security , she 's the one responsible .	1
from st. louis .	your son , that 's something .	0
let 's get you changed , and i 'll get you a snack .	come on , you 'll change your clothes and then i 'll get you something to eat .	1
gosh , how lucky you are !	okay , if i thought for a second that it was possible , how do you want to do it without killing him ?	0
they have the perimeter secured .	secure the perimeter .	1
beside him , the dog whined in terror .	beside him , the dog whined desperately .	1
¡ªshe plays piano in a restautant but no salary	he plays piano in a restaurant but no wages	1
in addition , the court examined any other reports on paying agencies for which a qualified certificate was given .	two liters in the toilet just because terrence king is a junkie !	0
the soil , marcus- black .	and soil , marc - black .	1
i do n't really know why .	although i do n't even know why .	1
want me to leave a few officers ?	you want me to leave a couple of guards here ?	1
roller derby practice .	preparation for roller derby .	1
you probably think that the force that i led	pearl handle for automatic colt.45	0
i think she ...	i think ...	1
staying alive 's as good as it gets .	stay alive as long as you can .	1
she 's distorted !	what could there be any reason to bring the cruellest strength from all over the world to tamuli ?	0
it is foreseen that someday he will bring great power to your hands . ''	it is predicted that he will put a great power in your hands one day. ``	1
he 's going to win this thing , is n't he ?	he 's going to win , right ?	1
i 'll take him on .	i 'll take care of him .	1
the doctor 's been at benton 's loft for five minutes .	reese , she 's been at benton 's house for five minutes .	1
the ball can be advanced by carrying the ball , or by throwing or handing it from one teammate to the other .	the ball moves by the player carrying it , throwing it or giving it to teammates .	1
annushka even forgot about her head , gasped , and rushed to the window herself .	anouk even forgot her bump , screamed , and moved to the window .	1
baby boy hausen .	whatever 's going on , you have to get up .	0
was it a jacuzzi or a hot tub ?	was it a jacuzzi or a jacuzzi ?	1
can you just hold on for one second ?	can you wait a minute ?	1
the defect 's in the beam , so they 'll be cutting .	the flaw is in the rafters , so they 'll be cutting .	1
hypersensitivity skin reactions ( rash , pruritus , urticaria , angioedema ) alopecia	yeah , i did , but it looks pretty good .	0
it 's finally started .	i finally did it .	1
would he than take his men from the northern road ? to reinforce the yellow belt ?	would he therefore withdraw his men from the north road to strengthen the troops in the yellow zone ?	1
you know what i 'm saying	you know what i mean .	1
`` anyway , the whole island got all excited , that year , when igor patterson came to lecture and perform at the university . ''	please tell me i do n't watch you pack riley .	0
malory : wh- ? money laundering , you ass !	well , that 's what our little party was about in that building site .	0
as this darwinian struggle for existence .	and the bertuccia , albertina , the little ...	0
of course it was a nice surprise .	of course he was surprised .	1
that is not your business .	it 's none of your business .	1
my spirit endures thanks to a combination of science and witchcraft .	my spirit is survived by a combination of science and witchcraft .	1
in fact he ’ d been on edge since seeing kyle off at the airport in bucharest .	forty-two people - up to forty-two people to kill the dragons .	0
we lost containment .	i 'm sorry if this sounds vague .	0
well , steven 's the one in charge of everything .	well , steven 's in charge .	1
he turned it down . what would you say if i made you the same offer ?	`` as soon as vanuma is dead , there will be no one to protect janai from jal . ''	0
edgar just monitored some chatter from nsa and ran a threat assessment .	we 'll talk again today .	0
there go the hands to the neck .	kita hanbei .	0
( beep ) oh , you son of a bitch .	you son of a bitch !	1
are you sure no one called ?	did nobody really call ?	1
he wants to put vervain in the town 's water supply .	`` but if it works , and when you no longer have these fleeting financial worries , come visit me .	0
he had to have used a volm-modified weapon to shoot through the concrete .	he had to use a modified volm to shoot the concrete .	1
have you ever made a threat so cryptic you yourself do n't understand it ?	fuck .	0
she withdrew a packet of trumps from her purse and shuffled out the one for amber .	she took out a package of truffles from her handbag and removed one with a picture of amber .	1
and thank you for the welcome wagon .	and thanks for the welcome feast .	1
and be all , `` i do n't know .	and say things like , `` i do n't know .	1
( c ) 'air service ' means a flight or a series of flights carrying passengers , cargo and/or mail for remuneration and/or hire ;	`` air transport '' means a flight or set of flights for the purpose of transporting passengers , goods or mail for consideration ;	1
and the second . and the third .	even if he slept , i would have sensed his presence in the camp .	0
the provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall not apply to derogating or temporary legislation . ’	i 'll get it .	0
the only way i 'm gon na die after him is if he had a heart attack while he was on top of me .	i would only die of him if he had a heart attack and sealed me up .	1
this is where i was born . this is where i live .	well , you can tell me .	0
what 's your potassium ?	a guy named goldschmidt .	0
get out of here , yeah !	good , get out of here .	1
now the girl brings in lice .	and now the girl 's got lice .	1
she plainly detested constant , whom she had never met .	constantine , who she had never met in her life , was obviously scornful .	1
you will get my fortune .	you get my wealth .	1
could you guys give me a moment , please ?	face it , you 're not retired , 'cause all your savings mom threw out the shit .	0
dr. cristo ... i know who killed sloan in the kitchen . you 've been hearing stories from a patient .	dr. cristo , i know who killed sloan in the kitchen .	1
thinking .	because we have the ability ... ... to forget .	0
gunn : fred ?	fred ?	1
compared to the others , the vocabulary is good .	duration :	0
he darted out of the room .	he disappeared from the room .	1
i could , theoretically , map out the areas where the signal 's interfered with by humans and then separate that from the architecture of the building .	frank , come on .	0
you had to be there .	i just have to get ready .	0
he is said to have liked it so much that he subsequently had it sent to him at the british court .	you ca n't prove to go the ball in the hole .	0
a countess and her chamber maid .	one nobleman with his maid .	1
mathayus had left nippur a boy , and he returned a man .	lateesha was our main contact at the dmv .	0
hi . joe clarendon .	hello .	1
but if you name . cookie brown , they 'll arrest him .	but if you tell them about cookie , they 'll arrest him .	1
it 's more than just a fortress .	it 's not a fortress .	1
purpose 2 — increase states parties ’ contribution to the preparedness of opcw to respond to requests for assistance .	purpose 2 - ensure that states that are parties to the convention are more conducive to the readiness of the opcw to respond to requests for assistance .	1
yes , correct . we 're on it , sir .	yes , right .	1
'because without them it would just be a pair of straight lines , ' harry told him .	`` because without them , it would be a couple of lines , '' harry told him .	1
vision :	visual field :	1
juliet came to me , and she told me everything ...	take it easy .	0
they should be drawn up at the geographical level deemed to be the most appropriate .	i killed yu-mina .	0
for instance , `` sorry me mashed potatoes be so clumpy , mon . ''	deanna still has n't given me the job .	0
all countries indeterminate promotion and protection of foreign investment .	all countries do not determine the aid and the protection of foreign investments .	1
the guildhall art gallery is holding a major african exhibition ... to coincide with the commonwealth summit .	in the guildhall artificial gallery , there is a great african exhibition ... at the same time , with the commonwealth summit .	1
you have to catch it ...	you have to catch yourself .	1
darkness swallowed the alley as dusk descended on the ruined city .	darkness was spreading over the ruined city .	1
this was all completely open country ... ... so you'il have plenty of runout spacewhen you arrive .	this was a complete wasteland ... ... so you'il have plenty of room when you get there .	1
that 's my diagnostics posse .	this is my diagnostic squad .	1
outside for a minute , sonny ?	you want to go out for a minute , sonny ?	1
'but you inquired ! '	you ca n't just show up and take his food .	0
now you 've compromised the mission and the very existence of this ship .	you compromised the mission and the ship .	1
'cause if you are , the door is right there .	because if they do , the door is over there .	1
are you implying there 's something going on there as well ?	are you suggesting there 's something going on between us ?	1
you were wrong first .	conditions for changing the production / number of available available seats 3.1 .	0
you know , i mean --	it 's okay .	0
i 'd have made that a touchdown .	i 'd go for a touchdown .	1
'once a decent woman 's been bedded by an elene , she can never be trusted again , you know .	`` you know , when a decent woman sleeps with elene , she can never be trusted .	1
`` oh jesus ! '' a very young voice in sipe springs gulped .	as we know , traces of that nerve poison found in plants and trees .	0
you went to see that woman .	i got up at 5 : 30 this morning and did my homework before 8 : 00 , including bringing breakfast wendy to bed .	0
i suggest you see a doctor . i 'll take care of the expenses .	you should see a doctor , i 'll pay for it .	1
we now believe gredenko is in possession of at least five rq-2 aerial drones ( over speakerphone ) : somewhere in shadow valley .	you send porter because you do n't want to go , but you should n't have told her in the eye .	0
we are not wasting time , we are doing what should do .	i think he had a locked door and held the gun in his hand .	0
choose lyrics folder ...	choose folder to be added ...	1
well , i spent time amongst the bedoui with my father since i was 13 years of age .	you can say that , i 've lived with my father among bedouin since i was 13 .	1
no . jane-anne died because she got caught doing magic .	even tonight ?	0
chill , yes !	take it easy , yes !	1
all right , i 'll page clemens , let him know that he 's an idiot , and walk him through how to do it .	in an ambulance , dexter .	0
i do n't know , but they said to tell you to come home	i do n't know , but i 'm supposed to tell you to come home .	1
mr. hilliard is as good as elected .	mr hilliard is already effectively elected .	1
click this icon to synchronize and work online .	to synchronize and work online	1
| other machining services	| other machining | 88213 *	1
hallorann thought he could see its tail twitching .	hallorann was convinced he could see his dribbling tail .	1
`` i had n't the time to tell him anything . ''	cal , come here !	0
just get me my money .	get my money out of him .	1
come on , francois . it 's been weeks . - i ca n't .	tell your men that private flax will be fine , but his career in afghanistan is over .	0
in either case the screw or nail fixings or the adhesive 'dabs ' shall be positioned at maximum 600 mm vertical and horizontal centres .	the screws or nails or adhesion targets shall be located in the eight horizontal and vertical distances of a maximum of 600 mm .	1
you know , i bet if more teachers dressed like sluts , attendance in this place would skyrocket .	you know , i bet if more scholars go dressed like whores , attendance at this school would go up .	1
it 's gon na be tough to talk my way out of this one .	it 's gon na be hard to talk about this .	1
he 's not as greedy as bump .	he 's not as playful as bump .	1
second , `` the word of god .	it 's like you came to fix my house and i 'll pay for your service - '	0
they were in the first bay near the door .	they were in the first alcove at the door .	1
next question -- can we have two weeks off to to go a renaissance fair ?	next question , will you give us two weeks off so we can go ?	1
i 'm a little pissed by all this .	i like how you 're assembled .	0
keep chickens ...	i 'll just take elena and we can go .	0
you have no idea what these kids go through .	you do n't know what these kids are doing .	1
your new girlfriend 's in boston covering a presidential candidate for her own website .	the wind blew us up .	0
just as i admire father 's .	30 april 2004	0
you 're the only person in new york who 'd refuse me admittance .	you 're the only person in new york who 's willing to fire me .	1
i 'm quitting as of now ... if i live .	synchronization could not be interrupted .	0
you 've got to believe the next 5 minutes .	it 's about penance , not reward .	0
we know where to turn to for certain traits like mouth feel and flavor .	do you want your share of the immense wealth of our people ?	0
so basically you guys have no scaring experience ?	the full epar for eylea can be found on the agency 's website : ema.europa.eu / find medicine / human medicines / european public assessment reports .	0
a christmas more cheerful .	we 'll have a merry christmas .	1
do you want to find a loved one ?	you want to find someone close ?	1
man , remember when you used to come downstairs christmas morning ... and you 'd see your stocking over the fire all filled with toys ?	he 's an experienced physicist .	0
did you see ? ''	lari 's party .	0
how could you do this to me ?	how could you ?	1
for his audition , iqball decided to challenge erik estrada at fancy talking .	for his show , iqball decided to challenge eric estrada in a lofty talking .	1
i shot him in the face with that rifle you were holding in there a while ago .	... the opposite angles are equal .	0
our lunch date is canceled . you ca n't afford lunch .	come on , it 's been ages .	0
drive does n't implement start	oh , baby , it 's so beautiful .	0
yeah , it 's a shit-fuckin'-sandwich , dick .	it 's an ass situation , dick .	1
she had to undergo a violent shock that would allow us to unravel the roots of her trauma .	so if you mess up something so simple then ... ... it 's gon na fucking say a lot about you , right ?	0
his attempt to make his own name ... ... ruined .	his attempt to quash his name ... ... is in ruins .	1
hey . you guys okay ?	`` good news ?	0
but if ever it is ... i 'm around .	but you 're quite tempting .	0
it must therefore be held that it correctly interpreted the term “ exclusively ” .	any patient taking triumeq may develop a hypersensitivity reaction which may be life-threatening if triumeq is continued with triumeq .	0
in its view , the capital is instead a silent partnership contribution , with this being reflected in the level of the remuneration .	he 's taking ten kronor an hour !	0
i 'll hang around here with gilbert .	i 'll stay here with gilbert .	1
yeah , we 'll see .	we 'll see about that .	1
be careful !	i 'll tell him you 'll be there .	0
it stated also that a circular to replace that of 19 may 2005 was in the process of finalisation .	i 'm sorry , arthur , but it 's true .	0
gort : we used to have pride .	in korea , it 's a tradition to cook noodles in this pot .	0
in half an hour you 'd be signing your name to a confession .	no , we 're with the fbl .	0
the indians have worked back on the south side early this fall .	the indians moved to the south earlier this autumn .	1
is it the monkey 's fist ?	monkey fist .	1
only one problem , his faith is n't what it used to be .	if i do it , he 'll beat me up !	0
ellie kept screaming inside frantically .	most of them are dead .	0
they only sought permission to retire .	`` a mannequin in an old us navy in your own underwear .	0
yes , ma'am .	hell .	0
zámečnictví .	provádění staveb , jejich změn a odstraňování .	1
well , over the next 7 days , detective , do me the favor of remembering that .	'i 'll protect you , 'said the old mamasan .	0
i have an appointment with señor parra 's secretary , uribe .	i prefer you where she 's more cinnamon .	0
alone with our body alone with our life ... ... which is like a tunnel , impossible to share .	alone with your life , which is like a tunnel that ca n't be shared .	1
i 've told you that these lies were to keep our family safe . to keep us all together . but that was the biggest lie of all .	she fell down and killed herself .	0
i 'm not saying nothing 's ever gon na happen between us .	she 's deranged !	0
murray has some papers for you to sign .	my white skin and grey eyes were calling in all the cities i had taken , and where they had not known me , various notes .	0
you better go and talk to him .	i told you not to trust him .	0
egg ... ... from a chicken .	an egg from the hen .	1
about 50 , bleak and neutral-colored eyes , hair thick at the sides of his head and brushed back .	he 's about 50 , he has cold , neutral eyes , thick , back-combed hair .	1
where in the universe could people be degraded to such primitive living standards ?	where in the universe do humans depend on such a primitive standard of living ?	1
oh , i do n't have those .	i do n't have any .	1
come on , clarkie	where 's everyone ?	0
she needed his help .	what do you think it 's gon na help ?	0
deguerin : it does n't matter anyway .	it does n't matter anyway .	1
not on its own .	i know your marriage is not limited to you .	0
do n't walk so close to me _	raylan .	0
dragosani remembered the place from his years at the college in bucharest .	when i walked in , she was lying on the floor , scratching her eyes and screaming .	0
shelby and i ... we just got together . she just moved in .	this game could hardly save the game for la mesu !	0
ask him how much farther to the french release camp .	ask how far it is to the flying camp of the french .	1
my point is , i 'll never come over to your house and take a bath .	i mean , i 'm never going to take a bath in your house .	1
i do n't even know your first name , for chrissakes .	all right , i 'll get you a blanket .	0
quit telling me you 're too old !	and you want to tell me you 're too old .	1
his crime was appalling , yes , but it was motivated not by greed ... ... but by desperation .	now they know what we are , idiot ?	0
the wind brushing past the sunlight	we 'll take you out of town to washington .	0
someone planted a camera in my way .	someone set a camera on me .	1
in dreams he came	in my dreams he came .	1
the father 's going to sue .	you can avoid any card misuse in time .	0
okay . `` papua new guinea travel advisory .	a travel guide for papua new guinea , 4530 .	1
just look at it .	look at her .	1
sounds like you could go to homecoming with your mom .	looks like you 're going to prom with your mom .	1
roll out the barrel	roll out the barrels .	1
and i always would .	i always did .	1
we 're hoping you 'd say , like , around $ 100 .	we were hoping you 'd say something around 100 .	1
okay , yeah , i like where this is going .	i like where this is going .	1
when you 're the money person , you get to do that .	so the boy who became a prince has one day left the palace .	0
as in , like , famished .	like , starving .	1
aah !	give me some .	0
i am mousa chanin .	i 'm musanghani .	1
not until you dance with me , harry .	not if you do n't dance with me , harry .	1
you know , i 'm real comfortable with your brother .	it 's too big a move .	0
( d ) the capacity of the partnership to adapt and take account of changes in their field or in the innovation landscape .	3 frame view	0
redo the previous action	redo the undone action	1
i had to follow your wagon .	he really had something against women and he was a terror guard .	0
do you need me to leave too ?	once we 've finished the apollo , i 'll give the white devil as much as i think he deserves .	0
but you look great . you 've heard of blu-ray , right ?	and do you know why ?	0
it could be really beneficial for us to go out and actually	it can be beneficial for us to go out and	1
if there 's anything you 're keeping from me , you should tell me right now .	it was unlikely that the comet was on the path of a direct collision with earth .	0
old gardener asked to be allowed to carry it away .	wait .	0
( b ) where the modification would aim at compensating risks of price increases that have been hedged by the contractor .	i ca n't .	0
huh ? wh..wha ... wha ... what are you saying ?	i 'm not saying it 's never going to happen .	0
clean up your face .	you 're really enjoying yourself , are n't you ?	0
we 'll get it .	but another is the idea , another is the deed , another is an image of an act .	0
this , ladies and gentlemen , this is the subwave network	this , ladies and gentlemen , is a replacement subnet .	1
we expect you to come back soon , bettie !	learn more about medicines containing the sunshine of california	0
math question : 5 + 15 =	math question : 1 + 2 =	1
the end has no value as passage and promise ; it is the advent of a night in which the world 's old reason is en-gulfed .	go to the next step in teaching .	0
i have a family in kladno that have been waiting for me ... ... to send for them .	let 's get some fireworks !	0
jan nykrýn - records & recordings	it was razkuli , long dead , hurling surreptitious glances at the old favourite places of the live hell hound .	0
if pitarrio 's breaking a sweat , we know he 's in with the feds .	`` i reckon i ca n't force you to carry out my duties , beasley , '' anson said defensively .	0
`` righto . ''	when , when .	0
gore is a crybaby .	you want to see ghosts ?	0
you 're getting hot .	you 're getting warmer .	1
ralph rolled over .	very nice .	0
tried it .	what about upstairs ?	0
i leaned my head back against the fogged-up window on the driver 's side , breathing hard .	i rested my head on my misty window on my side , breathing hard .	1
i was in front and you were behind with a gun in my back .	ziva was here .	0
and other than that cheery chestnut , i seem to be living my same old life . alone .	and besides , it seems like i 'm still living my old life .	1
none of the pg server addresses passed belongs to the list of pgservers .	the metal that covers your bones - it 's his baby .	0
and then the inevitable moment , and i do n't know why it ...	then it came to an inevitable , i do n't even know why ...	1
but in the present case , we shall section all the ribs of the sub-auxiliary region on the left and the right as far as the sternum .	but in that case , we 'll lead a section of kolmo to all the ribs on the left and right along the entire rib cage .	1
the eu must see to it that it does not over-fish its waters or the waters of non-eu countries .	the eu must ensure that there are no excessive fishing in its waters or in the waters of non-member countries .	1
please , allow me .	please , let me ...	1
i think subcontracting is worth investment . and you 'd be able to wrap up the project before last quarter deadline .	that would be more than enough reason , but i 'll give you a better one .	0
indicative amount , subject to approval of the budget authority .	well , it 's a pretty peaceful place for a girl her age .	0
you were the closest to him .	we 'll go through the viaduct .	0
does n't mean you 're ready for what 's out there .	that does n't mean you 're ready .	1
just sit still and wait for sarah , ok ?	you better wait here for sarah , all right ?	1
mrs. florrick , would you like to explain the relevance ?	now let 's see your friends .	0
innocents dragged from mama 's skirt .	no cash ?	0
margaret , where on earth is that damned remote ?	i think it 's called a ship .	0
probably half-way to manchester now .	but your style of tiger and crane ca n't hurt me .	0
will you be serious ?	it 's a little tug-of-war .	0
oh , sure , mr mcbain !	like i said , it 's mostly gone .	0
we will spend all this , nathan , together .	we 'll go over it , nathan , together .	1
'all things can happen .	god , not only is it a terrible bad habit , but also ...	0
the authenticity and integrity of the ‘ compiled ’ list should be verified by relying parties prior to any use .	the authenticity and integrity of the report should be verified before each use by relying parties .	1
gwalchmai 's eyes brightened .	he was attacked by a prisoner .	0
you kicking me out ?	you want to kick me out ?	1
`` we 'll be staying with uncle avram '' !	`` shall we be with uncle avram ? '' `` shall we be with uncle avram ? ''	1
`` but it sure gets hot here in the summer , pal . ''	`` it 's hot as hell in the summer , my friend . ''	1
it was yet another instance in which erasmus , with his ambulatory , autonomous body , could feel superior to omnius .	it was just another case when erasmus could feel superior to omnius with his moving body .	1
today i will visit the church , and that chapel in particular .	well , one girl .	0
have you seen niko ?	have you seen nika ?	1
yeah . there you are .	i can make that girl talk .	0
i want us to leave . to leave .	i want to go .	1
sorry to be blunt , but i do n't front .	i 'm sorry , but do n't worry .	1
it 's what he 'd evolve into anyway . and you can help him .	he could do it anyway . - you can help him .	1
now , you might possibly find some kind of explanation in here .	you might as well find some explanation .	1
you got a gun in your hands 'cause i put it there .	i 'm so sorry .	0
he started to scramble up the rubble and screamed as conina grabbed him by the leg .	you 'll be 55 years old , victor .	0
this lad ?	this young man ?	1
it 's fantastic .	you see , i ... i did n't want the man to take a nice face .	0
no matter what trouble they get you into , you 're always gon na have their back .	are n't you tired of eating just what the chef will prepare you for ?	0
menion nodded thoughtfully and lay back again .	dad , i want to go see the hippo .	0
oh , you know you and lauren are going to eventually forgive madison , so just go on and do it .	avoiding biodiversity loss in 2010 report : adamos adamou ( a6-0089 / 2007 )	0
she pulled down the silky bra to expose the upper mound of her breast .	well , according to the tests ... ... she was n't in the blood of an anti-dna .	0
we 're tough .	we 're strong .	1
yes , you can have my word for it .	yes , i give you my word .	1
deadlines are changing constantly .	my business achievements allow me to return everything to my community .	0
what do you mean sending her home like that , half naked ?	what do you think , sending her home just like that , half-naked ?	1
he 's beautiful .	it 's very nice .	1
sting ray .	i certainly ca n't accept that .	0
i want to sail west again .	i want to go back to the west .	1
no , no , he went quickly	i thought it would rain .	0
i fear death .	however , it did not pay for direct payments to farmers covered by iacs ( 11 ) .	0
when a lion is close to another , no blinking is permitted	and it does n't matter how many times he lets him clean it up ...	0
if i knew you were coming , i would have cleaned the stains off the sheets .	this family will own the nfl team , okay ?	0
“ look at the pacific between sprints to the casa de poo-poo , or whatever they call it down there . ”	`` looking at the pacific between the sprites to the cadaver , or whatever they call it . ''	1
and silly me , i always thought it was just vandalism .	and i always thought it was vandalism .	1
shh ! he 's ... i ca n't believe you 'd invite him over here without asking me .	and she was thinking .	0
`` the weeping friars always take the tunnel route . ''	`` the crying brothers always go through the tunnels . ''	1
i 'm more samurai than he is !	i 'm a bigger samurai than him .	1
part-time , after school .	half-time , after school .	1
my mother swears the first thing out of her what's-it ... ... was a little pair of baby hands doing spirit fingers .	my mother claims that the first of her hand came out of her hand with fluttering fingers .	1
jesus , joseph and mary , is that a blue letter ?	oh , my god . is that a blue letter ?	1
you never know what someone is capable of .	you never know what others are capable of .	1
so , anyway , back to me .	what if i take the diamond , and then you and i share the insurance ?	0
okay , i want tax records , sanitation records ... and building code inspections , last hundred years , okay ?	i want tax and hygiene records , building inspection results in the last 100 years .	1
yeah ! the bastard must be puffing his last cigarette .	i 'm very sad about it .	0
they knocked on my door .	they knocked at my place .	1
you took it upon yourself to save her ?	and you took her rescue ?	1
perhaps we 'll even come back through here on our return , and --	maybe we could come by here when we came back and --	1
you made me so angry that night ... telling me what i could and could n't do .	you really pissed me off that night , by unloading what i can or ca n't do .	1
the fact that , after its completion , the project may not have produced such effects is immaterial to that assessment .	invalid input .	0
ok. they love each other ?	do they like each other ?	1
`` he does not approve of your flying alone , '' she reminded her mistress .	`` your father does n't like to fly alone , '' she reminded him .	1
emma would 've liked growing up here .	if they caught you , you would have endangered the future .	0
you own a factory ?	are you a factory worker ?	1
the only problem is , we do n't have a shred of proof .	only we do n't even have a shred of evidence .	1
you checked her platelets , you got a ct , you called neuro , you did everything right .	you checked her platelets , céline did , she called in neurology .	1
they can give you evidence .	they can testify .	1
you want to know why ? ''	my parents used to play cards with them when deb and i were small .	0
d'you get that thing working ?	did you get the thing working ?	1
there 's got to be an easier way .	then it 's his fault !	0
it 's an important point .	if neutropenia ( absolute neutrophil count < 1.3 x 103 / μl occurs ) , discontinuation or discontinuation of myfenax may be appropriate .	0
“ this was done by the animal or animals , ” he said .	it 's fun .	0
good housewife , three little kids .	a little lady with three kids .	1
big shootout today .	i have to deliver it directly to your commander and wait for his answer. ``	0
you do n't seem very fond of the job .	you do n't seem to like this job .	1
please , come inside . - yes , sir .	oh , yeah , i knew what 's in that statue , that does n't mean i need it .	0
bring my daughter and father here just to lie ?	i bring my father and my daughter here .	1
two to go !	just two more !	1
that one right there .	this right here .	1
elections in israel	you know that .	0
you take me off during the confusion .	if you can get the junkie to cooperate .	0
it was not going to be that simple .	you know what i fear most ?	0
10 mg/kg body weight twice daily to 15 mg/kg body weight twice daily with a maximum of 500 mg per dose .	2 x denne10 mg / kg to 2 x daily 15 mg / kg bw , maximum 500 mg per dose .	1
zhang huike is a third grade student at shuixian .	and i could be .	0
yeah . all right , so ...	people come and go .	0
and pretty much everyone else involved in their son 's night of debauchery .	no one will invade the high harbor !	0
and i was very wrong to you	42 moreover , none of the number of goods identifiable in the photographs matches the numbers of items listed on the invoices provided by the intervener .	0
a minute later he was back out , his hands dirty .	does young mi 's line check today ?	0
i got ta congratulate you . - oh ?	so much , i wanted to die .	0
just be nice , right ?	now , press hard enough to close the wound .	0
this is how big it is ?	so how big is he ?	1
there was so copious a supply that it sufficed for the horses and the cooking of the guinea-fowls which were shot that morning by chamis .	come on , turn around .	0
now , the man is n't our friend in the checkered vest , but you could be the girl .	it wo n't be in the vest , but you could be the girl .	1
easy , jacques .	careful , jacques .	1
the eeas shall be managed by an executive secretary-general who will operate under the authority of the high representative .	great life .	0
his helmet was stifling .	what line ?	0
bring me evidence of a crime , i 'm all over it .	concluded management of the gmm should be monitored within the community , and to that end , member states should provide the commission with certain information .	0
- tell me ! -- i do not know .	tell me .	1
all these dudes telling lies for the fame and wealth	they were very interested in her location .	0
he saved the drenai , and forged a nation .	first , we need a new coating .	0
could we see 'em ?	can we see this ?	1
i know . i do , too .	i know , i hate it , too .	1
as hood had learned from the legitimate strikes and bitter riots los angeles had endured during his mayoralty , desperation made enemies deadly .	from the permitted strikes and indignant street riots that los angeles experienced during the time he was his mayor , hood had learned that desperation made humans deadly .	1
so my friends are taking me to my favourite place on earth	so my friends take me to my favorite place in the world .	1
you idiot ! you hurt my leg !	if you want to go back to writing after all these years , something must have happened .	0
miriam : stay where you are .	the invertebrates are a nature-inspired band that plays folk songs from slovakia on the handmade tools of no-nonsense .	0
look , we 're selling it .	we 'll sell it .	1
maybe you should be running after her , because maybe there are things happening that you do n't know about .	maybe you should go see her , 'cause maybe there 's something you do n't know about .	1
i think it sort of clears the air .	i think it 'll clear the air .	1
if the alarm was out by now , and pitt was certain it was , the thought of a confrontation with the merciless wolfs spurred him on .	by the time the alarm was announced , and pitt was sure he was , the idea of the encounter with the fierce wolf propelled him forward .	1
there was a house just up ahead .	there was a house in front of us .	1
he takes it down .	he dropped it .	1
she 's four . floyd :	four .	1
oh , that noise .	oh , the sound .	1
aethelwulf : of course not .	of course not .	1
we do n't have time for this :	we do n't have time for that .	1
yhis beautiful egg white frittata .	sorte , die in anderen mitgliedstaaten in den katalogen für gemüsearten eingetragen ist .	0
i doubt they'il accept .	only the power of her dark majesty was able to prevent them from doing so .	0
why do n't you just put me back in my cell ,	this ... invention , for example .	0
do n't be silly . no one noticed the wig .	nobody noticed the wig .	1
so i guess , well ...	it 's been a long time since we 've been able to pick and pick , huh ?	0
paint -- what i thought was dirt beneath the captain 's fingernails is , in fact , black primer .	beautiful egg fritter .	0
there are n't any tv cameras here either , are there ?	are n't there any cameras ?	1
we 'll just order some pizza ?	she was in tragic circumstances .	0
ca n't you buy a paper that prints those things ?	i do n't know about you , but i 'm starting to feel a little weird .	0
the boulevard we were going down , i saw , was called the boulevard of the hundred martyrs to democracy .	george , we have to hurry or ...	0
felt like falling in love .	his name 's trey .	0
you just hold back your little girlfriend .	d , you 're gon na pull out your bra .	0
name one ... one large family affair that has n't ended in tears .	tell me one ... a great family gathering that does n't end in tears .	1
it 's a revolution . i would n't go that far , sir .	we 'll take all the panels , we 'll rip them out of the wall and burn them .	0
`` agent gruer visited you yesterday by trimensional image .	and if nothing else , they 'll remember you as the only boy who did it .	0
kids ! run !	i checked the thyroid , everything .	0
“ could you be white ? ”	`` could you be white ? ''	1
`` did i just scare you ? '' thorn asked .	`` what have you done ? '' thorn asked .	1
something was wrong , he knew it .	he understood something was n't right .	1
what are you doing in my house ?	what are you doing here ?	1
captain , cho ming airfield 's been hit .	the airport was hit by cho ming .	1
he was a douche bag .	why do you sound like such a strange omar ?	0
for years , i was hung up on a blown-out knee that ended my basketball career .	we 're going to the hospital right away .	0
we got to move on .	we have to keep moving .	1
pick his ass up and drag him back where you found him at .	how was the food there ?	0
helena , listen to me . this has to end .	helen , listen to me .	1
come here , bum .	come here , you bastard .	1
my good friends , the scottish people… have seen how i have defeated the english here… and they want me to do the same for them there .	my good friends in scotland have seen how i defeated the british here .	1
imagine eating ice-cream for the first time , reggie .	imagine her ice cream for the first time , reggie .	1
come on , let 's raise some hell .	come on , let 's make a mess .	1
yeah , sure . barry tracks down a cayman island bank account number , and he gets lunch at the chadwick ?	no , leave the colonel alone .	0
if he shows up , i 'll listen .	manowar - band	0
look what the wind blew in .	now we just need an upsetting plot	0
as walter bagehot once famously said , “ money will not manage itself . ”	my hands are really fragile .	0
dude , i totally see it .	dude , i can see it .	1
li guang can take care of himself .	guang will take care of himself .	1
how is general feraud ?	where 's general feraud ?	1
hurry up , hurry up , now !	quick !	1
this combination of increased net supply and reduced demand increasingly affects the orderly functioning of the european carbon market in the transition to phase 3 .	you 're terrible .	0
still i owe you for killing lgor .	but still ... i owe you ... for killing igor .	1
get it .	take it .	1
you secure the top of the cliff ?	did you secure the top of the reef ?	1
tell you the truth , lieutenant .	( bc . jan nováček )	0
right back there -- son or boyfriend ?	i hope you know what the hell you 're doing .	0
[ 31 ] final report on the first evaluation exercise - mutual legal assistance in criminal matters ( 2001/c 216/02 ) .	[ 32 ] final report on the first evaluation exercise - mutual legal assistance in criminal matters ( 2001 / c 216 / 02 ) .	1
someday , yeah .	once , yeah .	1
mike , it 's going !	strange , meaningless words .	0
he was sent to the temple of the thirty , south of drenan , when he was about thir­teen .	what are you doing , man ?	0
no one except harold had settled in this far out on arapahoe as yet .	apart from harold , there 's still no one to settle for arapahoe .	1
i would hate for her to be someplace uncomfortable .	my ass is every one of these things cost one and a half million .	0
you know , first off , i must just tell you , uh , sorry to learn about the d & d 's fate .	you know , i have to tell you first , i 'm sorry about how this happened with d & d .	1
oh , and a little beurre rouge .	and the nuts , and a little bit of the beurre rouge sauce .	1
and we laid this ship down a year ago .	do you want to come with us ?	0
( mindy ) i do n't have an ice pack for your lip .	i do n't have any ice on your lips .	1
`` 'well , you have to be in the office , or at least in the building , the whole time .	what do you ... do you have a lot of damage ?	0
any sign of any more creatures ?	are there any signs of other animals ?	1
soon you 'll see .	fall in love at first sight , it 's like taking spirits straight from the heart of a beloved being .	0
anne , i want the truth .	i want the truth !	1
all the varieties of land and weather known to earth , within hours ' walk .	84 however , that argument can not be taken into account .	0
hi , darlin ' .	sounds beautiful .	0
then he walked off - he 's not my grandfather	he 's not my grandfather .	1
hailey , i 'm so ...	we were just talking about the big giraffe you picked .	0
that ... is them .	ok , they knew it would n't work .	0
other passengers glared at this intrusion of an official vehicle into public taxi lanes , even though the lanes were empty .	22 the ability of the partnership to adapt to changes in a given area or in the area of innovation and take into account these changes .	0
an inmate from litchfield federal prison is attempting to contact you .	what 's going on here , major ? ``	0
i 'm not surprised .	they were now colored ashen , like charcoal-sprayed bluish light-emitting stars , like wolf fur at midnight .	0
but , yes , but i need you to move past it .	but i need you to get over it .	1
well then that 's perfect .	there has not been a lock on the door since police - or anyone else - has kicked out .	0
it has a power you ’ ll beware of if you know what ’ s good for your family and what ’ s good for you .	that place has the power that you recognize when you know what is good for your family and what is good for you .	1
i 've never seen a man so broken up over a woman .	i 've never seen a man suffer so much for a woman .	1
every part of daily life is concerned by the use of biocides .	i want to go home !	0
the poorer looking , the better .	the worse they look , the better .	1
junebug gon na sit in it .	you know , if you sit down from the throne , junebug will sit on it .	1
my folks used to play cards with them when deb and i were growing up .	do you have them nearby ?	0
and also there 's this girl , wendy , and this fairy , tinker bell , and this pirate that has a hook instead of a hand .	i told the d.a . i wanted to discuss how to proceed with him .	0
we got mims ' home address .	do n't tell her .	0
when she received no reply a third time she opened the door .	can i have your attention please ?	0
more like motive .	i wanted to help you .	0
i 'll pay `` dhai '' ... here 's the money , if you want it .	i 'll give you `` dhai '' ... here they are , if you want them .	1
well , i 'm jim evers of evers & evers real estate .	the suit to be used in the blood flow of a vibrant animal must have a refrigeration. ``	0
the foremost advocate of sanctions , she has been more willing to defy german public opinion and business interests on the issue than on any other .	that 's the name you 're looking for .	0
with boredom , self pity , anxiety , obsession ...	what , you 're really gon na leave the car parked there ?	0
i 'm sorry . i do n't let anybody handle it .	single root ca	0
france ! ... to hold in sickness and in health , for richer , for poorer , till death doyou part ? .	france ! ... in sickness and health , in poverty and wealth , until death do you part ?	1
ah , but you will be .	it 's not in his health record .	0
brazen . -beth .	shameless .	1
do n't say vampires !	do n't tell me vampires are here too !	1
whittier ca n't be head cheerleader next year .	listen , i 'd like you to call me .	0
each party may refer to the joint committee any divergence in the application or interpretation of this agreement .	due to the nature of those benefits , an actuarial principle had to be applied .	0
do n't get bit .	reduce the risks to a minimum .	0
i said , i am like you , i did not fall in love .	like i said , i 'm like you .	1
so , sue takes matters into her own hands . she kills fletcher , shooting him in the face , - making sure positive id is impossible .	so she took sue 's matters into her own hands , killed fletcher 's shot in the face to make sure there was no possible identification .	1
she came with his eggs and he folded the paper and laid it by .	i figured he was sleeping with lindsay .	0
you called me papa.his is all about your father .	it 's about your father .	1
did you sleep okay ? __ -no .	it makes you laugh , it tears you up , every time in that particular story .	0
a human thing .	he was close by now .	0
well , her name is hope .	and so he had to be repaired several times .	0
others who understood the danger of the fire and who could possibly have gotten away elected not to do so .	others ( who understood the danger of the fire and perhaps escaped ) opted for the opposite .	1
a high potential for long-range atmospheric transport was identified .	also , on the basis of ( revisions ) an increase in recoveries , contributions can be reduced ( - eur 33 million for 2005 and 2006 ) .	0
last week it was the swat team , and we were hostages .	last week it was an emergency squad for a change , and we were taking hostages .	1
you 're gon na take a plane .	you 'll fly the plane .	1
presentations on the state of play of sis ii have been made in the libe committee , notably on 10 may .	the victim was the mother of one of your compels you killed ... ... but you do n't have any evidence .	0
mr. jderescu , if any of your guests ever utters my name on the air , with all due respect , i will sue you .	are you attracted to him ?	0
i thought that if they got out in time i could bring ‘ em on over .	he hoped elena would prevent any unnecessary alarms going down on the planet .	0
why on earth not ?	why not ?	1
abruptly he stood up .	dear , will you give me your mother for a moment ?	0
`` please , mum , let them live .	what happens to me is up to you , whether you 're in it or not .	0
fell asleep after heaving a sigh of relief ?	you fell asleep after you breathed it ?	1
the periodical inspection reports which are in use in the contracting parties to the agreement may be used as an alternative .	as an alternative , there can be reports of regular searches which are common in countries that are contracting parties to the agreement .	1
and with talent like this ,	and with talent like that ... ... those kids really can do it .	1
what 's to be done then , hazel ?	community law - interpretation - multilingual texts 2 .	0
is that why you attacked that transport ? - what ?	is that why you attacked the transporter ?	1
coconut palm ( mature )	i swear to god , we were fishing .	0
a bottle of hard liquor ?	yeah ... and there 's one more problem .	0
it 's a good thing you 're not the one asking .	let me see the milk .	0
they brought us here .	they took us .	1
he felt the tunnel get smaller and hug him .	he felt the tunnel narrowing and hugging him .	1
looks like i have to do this investigation myself .	it seems i have to investigate this myself .	1
this is a new car !	beautiful , new car !	1
iv only abernethy ever called grillo by his first name .	only abernethy addressed grillo 's first name .	1
they had been close friends since that first day they had met in elementary school and got ten into a fistfight .	they were intimate friends from the first day when they met at a primary school and they got into a duel with their fists .	1
it 's a painting .	i want to ask one of them .	0
why do n't i steal the diamond , and you and i can split the insurance ? all right .	were you downstairs ?	0
my son was in the 101st .	my son was in the first place .	1
coach ... i wanted to talkto you about devon .	the black boats on the sewers are pods .	0
doc says i got six months ... maybe .	she watched their manifest and misgivings , a kind of mirror of her own thoughts , and felt a flood of scollarity .	0
give it !	i 'm glad you 're back .	0
if the banging starts again , just call us .	if the drum starts again , call .	1
madrid , spain maria followed the young captain into the corridor , confident that she could trust the officer to bring her to amadori .	four shootings in five years , and all the coincidences ?	0
but they were here ?	they were here , right ?	1
no , i 'm good , dad . thanks .	for example , the way i and i are talking , it would never be possible .	0
everything 's a little overwhelming since broyles went missing .	it 's just all been a little stressful since broyles was lost .	1
well my friend you brighten up my very boring day ... and tell me you have good news for me to pass on .	staff do n't know what film we 're filming .	0
and since they moved up the release of my book ...	and since they decided to publish my book ...	1
if you take one over a and divide by a , you get one over a squared .	really ?	0
stay on in the room until your coach leaves .	stay in the room until your porter arrives .	1
had something gone wrong ?	is something wrong ?	1
being able to see someone you like and just ... go straight to bed , not having to talk much .	you can go with someone who likes you straight to bed , no words .	1
my latin 's admittedly a bit fuzzy .	my latin , though , is a little uncertain .	1
too many items in the combo box .	the list box contains too many items .	1
if you want my candid opinion , i think is criminal .	if you want my opinion , i think it 's a crime .	1
and no matter how many times he gets it cleaned --	i know what you 're thinking .	0
( sighs ) i 'm afraid of needles .	you heard me , grandpa ?	0
you 're no better than a bunch of kids breaking shop windows .	the check 's not okay ?	0
goddammit .	oh , shit .	1
um ... well , no , i better stay here .	i come from a working family .	0
however , that percentage may be varied by ministerial order .	however , that percentage may be changed by decree of the ministry .	1
i 'm gon na show `em to you right now .	passages from other sources have specified or expanded , but these two central prophecies have all served in pure , unmixed form .	0
oh , yeah ? get inside and help your sister clean up the goddamn house !	i 'm here to discuss your problem .	0
the other ingredient is mannitol ( e421 ) .	the excipient is mannitol ( e421 ) .	1
you really think he 'd step a foot in this state ?	what the fuck is that ?	0
for instance , aquaculture operators need warnings of approaching toxic algal blooms or jellyfish invasions .	i know it 's late .	0
but what if i puke ?	what if i throw up ?	1
please get mandy here .	please call mandy .	1
come with me	we 'll find out what 's going on .	0
so papa 's free to read the holy book ?	to read the holy book ?	1
|| article 25 article 23a	| | article 25 article 23a	1
the man who will apparently do anything to keep his shitty career going .	we 're in no hurry to leave .	0
so , what are you saying ?	so what does your husband do ?	0
you just have to remember to trigger the alarms at exactly --	you just remember when exactly the alarm goes off --	1
that stuff could ... blind you .	you could go blind .	1
there should be some in your purse , my muse .	you should have something in your purse .	1
so how was the food in there ? ♪ men . ♪	yeah , but i could n't let him sleep with her .	0
we will use them to deliver information to dimitrov that we want him to have .	we 'll use it to deliver the information we want .	1
you 're good !	we can try out at caroline 's midnight show .	0
when humans were sailing the oceans , bajorans were going to other planets ?	while humans have still averted the oceans , the bajorans have flown to other planets ?	1
i 'd like to take a look at those myself .	who the hell is this guy ?	0
i ca n't wait to hear this .	i ca n't wait for answers .	1
let 's just find another buyer for this , ok ?	did you check the bear ?	0
you must get this man to hospital now .	you have to take him to the hospital right away .	1
that 's a pretty name	he was right in the eye .	0
yeah . yeah , he probably is .	yeah , i guess .	1
hey , laura , it 's george .	it 's george .	1
okay , i ' play .	okay , i 'll play .	1
we need to get it up on the homepage .	we have to put it on the home page .	1
who 's making that noise ? in the dark ?	who 's barking in the dark ?	1
we got ta get outta here !	there are big time gaps to just disappear from the net .	0
i investigate things to complete my knowledge .	i 'm searching for my knowledge to be complete .	1
we 're all children and it 's hard when our illusions are shattered	we were all kids , and it 's hard when our dreams go away .	1
see if any of them is a location near o'ahu state .	see if there 's any nearby about'ahan state .	1
make something of your life before you come back to your people to the land where you were born .	now go have some nice common memories .	0
if you could advance me their immediate expenses , i could wrap up this mission . ''	it 's all right if you want .	0
hi . what do you want ?	what do you want ?	1
well , these kids run away .	these kids are running .	1
not really .	in the ensuing years , turisme de barcelona helped improve the city 's image and its tourist facilities .	0
you should have known better .	you should have known her .	1
there was a blizzard followed by a week of numbing subzero weather .	you okay ?	0
i do n't understand . how ...	there was still a golden star on the pocket of his shirt , which marked the commander at sea .	0
well , if the judge wants to play hardball with ryan 's friend , you have ammunition .	a specific modular exercise has also been funded , which may be likely to occur in the event of a real emergency .	0
i just told you the bus leaves in a half-hour .	captain , i want the latest information .	0
i was ... the guy that told you not to worry about the turbulence .	i was ... the one who told you that you should n't be afraid of these turbulence .	1
i ca n't believe it . barney ... story 's not over .	barney , the story 's not over .	1
but a couple of days later , i got the truth from tommy .	the vehicle must be equipped with rear-view mirrors prescribed in point 2 of annex iii to directive 2003 / 97 / ec .	0
so i got ta get them back .	narrow and pointy .	0
estonia 's border with russia .	the eu borders ( in this case , estonia ) with russia .	1
your dad told you calling for us was the right thing to do .	your dad told you you did the right thing .	1
yes , that 's right .	the deep confusion in your soul .	0
open up !	listen , whatever it is , it 's	0
you bought her a drink or 3 then ?	we know .	0
say hello to your mother jiyeon mama mama hello my love where are you ?	hello , my love where are you ?	1
i 'm so embarrassed for you to see it like this .	they sent me here .	0
he wants to talk to you .	dad wants to talk to you .	1
he had n't had a proper lunch and it was almost dinnertime .	he did n't have a proper lunch , and it 's dinner time .	1
while the merger allegedly reduced the independent supply of electrical traction systems , there would still be several integrated suppliers which could deliver the rail vehicle .	there is no record of a village on the northern edge of the swamp .	0
and that ca n't possibly be a sin .	and it certainly wo n't be a sin .	1
you said that last week .	that 's what you wanted last week .	1
halting the loss of biodiversity by 2010 report : adamos adamou ( a6-0089/2007 )	you 're gon na be sorry .	0
they hate you 'cause they think you white trash .	what the hell is going on ?	0
let 's see what is going on .	`` friday ! '' he said .	0
possibly you just got someone who had to shave twice a day around full moon and occasionally felt like chasing carts .	of course .	0
it will make people resistant to the virus ... ... to all disease .	people will be immune to the virus and all diseases .	1
oh , really ? 'cause from where i 'm sitting , he 's ruined everything .	we need to participate , though .	0
i considered reaching him directly , for old time 's sake , and using words that would trigger a response - pretty much what i did last night .	i thought i would address him directly , i would appeal to old times and provoke him to respond - much like i did last night .	1
can nobody dress themselves around here ?	will you introduce me to them tomorrow ?	0
what month are you in ? - the third .	what month are you ?	1
he 's our vice president of marketing !	well , i 'm sure you 'll receive my order , young sir .	0
i 'm not about to start now .	and now i 'm not gon na start .	1
however , more effort is needed to guarantee the necessary traceability of the flow of materials based on abp throughout the various production chains .	however , greater efforts should be made to ensure the necessary traceability of materials based on the transfer of materials based on animal by-products in various production chains .	1
we think it 's a flu or something .	i would have sent you to see her if needed .	0
open the trunk !	open him up !	1
can i come in and get a drink ?	the money was mine , you bitch .	0
ready to go , drew ?	can we go , drew ?	1
right ? - ahh !	right ?	1
like it or not , we need men like craster .	she said she 's working on details , and she 's scheduled to report at 2 : 00 .	0
this is why pia and i have run away and got married .	so , i choose ...	0
so , one of the board members said :	prodej a servis motocyklů a příslušenství .	0
i informed tarel birkin that i was aborting the mission .	i asked tarela birkin to abort the mission .	1
i 'm sorry , tru -- -god , what happened to us ?	i 'm sorry , true -- - god , what happened to us ?	1
he threw it against the far wall , where it lay silenced .	now a couple of such horrific things are available , and we wo n't hesitate to use them if necessary .	0
it isn'tmy fault , i promise you .	we 're not a charity , george ... and taking care of a growing boy is not cheap or easy .	0
i deceived you , mom .	he fooled me , mama .	1
oh , my god . i think you 're taking this bad girl thing a little too seriously . maybe we should start smaller-you know ,	aside from the national security issue , i think i might have a chance .	0
put us down !	get us the fuck down !	1
of course , sadly , he loses in the final round to that nerd kid .	in the finals , of course , he 's losing to that little tragedy .	1
article 7 laid down the deadlines by which the production levies should be fixed .	article 7 sets out the periods in which production doses should be established .	1
pa ...	father ...	1
42 people -- up to 42 to kill these big dragons .	it means `` take home safely . ''	0
good news ?	a good novice ?	1
it 's not the right time .	i 'm a director because every candidate for the manager is fighting in france .	0
been gone for flippin ' hours , that 's where he is !	he 's gone for hours .	1
let 's go try it on .	go try them .	1
i behaved horribly last night .	i was a terrible person last night .	1
albert , the guests will be arriving soon .	albert , guests will be here any minute .	1
and do you think the american public will accept the grounding of air traffic based on the rather vague justification you have just given ?	and do you think the american public will agree to cancel all flights based on the very vague justification you 've just stated ?	1
and one of us has a better chance of going unnoticed .	and only one has a better chance to pass unnoticed .	1
blind , bawdy house slave .	the professor stays in berlin .	0
they 've hired every digger in cairo .	i 'm gon na try to bring him back ... ... so i 'm gon na need you to look in his mouth .	0
`` we should keep that in mind , although it 's hardly consolation . ''	oh ? oh , it 's a little theater .	0
i have to go check on my patient .	i need to check the patient .	1
i look at him .	i looked up at him .	1
paste % s	insert % s	1
i 'm still around . is that bad ?	a month ago , did you think i was n't a guy ?	0
looks like it 's just a bunch of car-restoration shows , some soap operas ... embarrassing .	it looks like a bunch of car renovations , some telenovela ... embarrassing .	1
niallad saw a man hammering at one of the doors , shouting to be let out .	niall saw one man pounding on the door and shouting to let him out .	1
we do n't do deliveries so stop wasting my time .	we do n't do deliveries , so stop bothering me .	1
go to hell paul .	fuck off , paul .	1
`` old songs and memories of fathers are important , '' he said .	he was wearing a loose vest and had just spoken to a wireless phone .	0
she herself was something of a princess turned into a swine-girl in her own imagination .	everyone knows i shop around here .	0
he does n't like to limit himself .	no , you .	0
allow your brother his day .	let your brother do it today .	1
drop the shiv . do n't make me kill you . i 'll beat you to fuckin ' death .	i heard you announced that you were spitting on cassie flood 's grave .	0
what you always tell me .	you always say that to me .	1
ready ?	ready .	1
when it reaches 53 , it'il trigger the shock pulse .	once it reaches 53 , it 'll trigger a pulse .	1
once his plan was laid-a plan that would rid him of both roland and peter forever-flagg wasted no time .	he took me so much , you know , your case .	0
any telegrams been delivered lately ?	well , my mom tried to make sense of my life .	0
i 'm going to stop the entire production of rockwool in denmark .	now i 'm going to stop all the production of cape cod in denmark .	1
oh , i prayed for her to drop ... and smiled a little when she did .	the reasoning of the wizard ali azry of the city of white stone .	0
here we are .	there it is .	1
what is rahkshi ?	rahkshi ?	1
you and he have been locked into the same section . he 's one floor up .	you 're locked in the same section .	1
sometimes it makes you so tired of taking care of people at work , you ca n't bear the thought of taking care of someone at home .	sometimes you get so exhausted by the way you have to look after other people when you ca n't even think about helping someone at your house .	1
it worked , did n't it ?	the seminar is to take part in approximately 150 people .	0
the outside is crispy , and the inside is soft .	i 'll come to your bedroom and i 'll find you .	0
you pull the trigger , you have to mean it .	`` will i call you later ? ''	0
who cares ? .	who cares what ?	1
the five from culhaven regained their footing hurriedly and raced through the tables and benches , dodging the debris frantically .	use these .	0
it 's me , omar razaghi .	omar razaghi .	1
tier 1 and total capital ratios were also negative and equal to - 12,7 % .	i did , and it was good .	0
well , that was two months ago . - chinese easter !	they were two months ago .	1
sounds like we need to find the port fusion injector .	you wo n't be beating your wife . you wo n't be beating your children .	0
by taking advantage of their weaknesses .	let 's find another buyer .	0
i know , but here 's the thing .	i know , but it 's about this .	1
i ca n't use public restrooms .	every time we have an action and does n't come hoffman , it means he 's on another operation .	0
figure 21 reference wheelchair ( see annex 8 , paragraph 3.6.4 . )	21 reference invalive vehicles ( see section 3.6.4 of annex 8 )	1
look at a documentary film about one of the most important director of our young progressive generation .	mostly .	0
these cells extend three feet above and below and awaited beneath the cement , the bars themselves ...	it belonged to my predecessor emily .	0
my eyes drooped .	my eyes closed .	1
switching rooms can be very disorienting .	changing rooms is very disorienting for him .	1
can i get everyone 's attention ?	thought what ?	0
yeah , and zeke . zeke is baking ... créme brulée . what 's that ?	wise words are like arrows flying on your head .	0
the third time , the exception becomes the rule .	for the third time , the rule has become a rule .	1
in this atomic age , only the morality of man ... can help him to survive .	no targeted fishing of deep-sea sharks .	0
that will tell us what nass is doing at kelabra .	just for a second !	0
pour his fucking brains out !	european consumers `` organisation ( european committee )	0
take us home , will you ?	then keep your voice down and listen to me .	0
doctor , what 's happening on this ship ?	what 's going on here , doctor ?	1
what painting ?	and when we met in person , he said it was nothing .	0
mom , not in front of father .	mom , not before the otter .	1
you 're gon na shit your pants like that , bro .	to keep your pants on , bro .	1
no , i said i was gon na blow my brains out .	no , i said i 'm gon na arrest my brain .	1
there was a similar scattering of weapons from the other three .	on the other three , the weapons were also clanking .	1
of peppermint ( mentha piperita )	mint ( mentha piperita )	1
terraces on both floors are oriented to the courtyard .	i assure you , you are safe .	0
he 'd also noted the need for helicopter pilots as a permanent part of the team .	he also realised it would be desirable to have the team permanently pilots for helicopter management .	1
‘ prolonged-release ’ means that mirabegron is released slowly from the tablet over a few hours .	`` prolonged release '' means that mirabegron is released slowly from the tablet for several hours .	1
i 'm going to cannon 's to study . sj !	what is it like to have a 10-year-old boy ?	0
elisabet ?	this feature will be installed on a local hard drive and will no longer be installed from the network .	0
you do n't feel guilty , maybe time wo n't rewind .	then you wo n't feel guilty .	1
you 'll no longer be at the mercy of the united states .	yes , i have !	0
`` do you ken that , henchick ? ''	`` you 'd better tell him to go to hell ? '' atropos demanded .	0
paris has become so tedious since the war .	and a little bit of dumplings .	0
you what ? i came in second .	i was second .	1
so i suggest again that the two of you come up with a new , new project .	so i suggest you come up with a brand new project .	1
no , ma'am . she was just in the audience having a hoot of a time with a bunch of rowdy ladies .	she was in the audience , talking to a bunch of ladies .	1
nice stitches !	my stitches !	1
shit ! come here .	come here .	1
colton .	he probably became a christian place during the 3rd century .	0
you 've been thinking .	line 15 , please .	0
he did n't mention that .	he did n't say .	1
whatever . so , you 're okay ?	so you 're okay ?	1
i 'm terribly sorry . -what ?	i am so sorry .	1
you managed to ruin my relationship , the one thing that i care the most about in this entire world !	i thought i was gon na make it look like she slipped .	0
he walked slowly and miserably back up through the empty castle , wondering whether he would ever feel cheerful again .	he rode slowly and desperately with an empty castle , wondering if he could ever be happy again .	1
should i come as a pencil ?	should i go to the ball for a pencil ?	1
mm-mm , i like the look on your face too much .	indeed , perhaps romney is feeling nostalgic for `` anglo-saxon heritage , '' while asia is growing too much .	0
you got your cast off .	you have a cast .	1
i could fly low under their radar screen .	great , i hope .	0
declaring queue % s	you 're an ugly and bad girl .	0
we'il go back to work now .	now back to work .	1
because i was inverted .	because i was upside down .	1
image for product presentation .	appearance for product presentation .	1
it is not easy now . others are more simple .	it 's not easy right now , but it 's simpler .	1
hurry , run !	i want to go .	0
i do n't know who did the doors for him , but i will not stand here and see you waste all our time- ‘	`` who grabs the falling star ... his heart will be mine . ''	0
how many can say that they have been chosen by god ?	bootstrap error error : { 0 }	0
our home ...	at our house ...	1
all vessels will also be required to use satellite-based vessel monitoring systems ( vms ) as well as have scientific observers onboard .	all fishing vessels shall be obliged to use the satellite monitoring system and shall be accompanied by a scientific observer on board the vessel .	1
she was at the trial .	she was in court .	1
tell them i 'll be watching them -- all the time .	the heading 6502 does not include hats or moulds made by sewing , other than those made up by a simple staple of rods in spirals .	0
it is a new thing .	no , it 's new .	1
in the case of the ‘ refining-petrochemicals ’ results centre , the results of much research are also disseminated without discrimination .	as for the resultant `` rafinace-petrochemie '' centre , france states that the results of many research work are also published without discrimination .	1
a little help here , steve !	at 18 : 00 he called for the re-opening of a boxing gym in `` ninth ward ... '' in the evening before his death .	0
electric multiple units	electric cars and units	1
‘ yancheng long xia ’ is caught from the convergence of a fresh and salt water area , the doulong river area .	he had an extremely soft skin and large blue eyes .	0
all those birds that whisper in your ear -- such pretty little things .	the birds that whisper in your ear are very cute .	1
he heard the shower when it began running .	sonny mehta sat in the next room and watched the video and served as an editor in the field .	0
but , um , this morning ... ... i was lying in bed , i was imagining what it 'd be like to say yes .	but this morning in bed , i wondered what it would be like if i said yes .	1
that 's guilt you 're feeling .	this is the fault you feel .	1
the desire rose in him to stop the i machine , to command it to silence .	he wished to stop the machine , order him to keep quiet .	1
they reminded me of a man i knew here once . ''	he reminds me of the man i once knew. ``	1
the excuse for her barging in like this was to properly thank pitt for saving her life .	you do n't really have any control , do you ?	0
i just -- i needed to see her .	farm poralogy system	0
that can wait until later , however .	`` does hanny have a definitive answer after all our uncertainties ? ''	0
you stop grabbing my leg .	do n't catch my leg .	1
hey , you little pricks .	you can count on me .	0
kelly , we 're in the bell tower of the church .	we 're in a church bell .	1
why not priest-kings in their ships and power , with their fierce weapons and fantastic devices ?	open the door !	0
a row of small pink eyes looked down upon her .	a series of small pink oaks stared down at her .	1
everyone in the war rooms of the pentagon and white house automatically glanced up at the monitors displaying static photos of the facility .	everyone in the pentagon 's command rooms and the white house automatically lifted their heads and looked at the monitors showing immobile images of the device .	1
okay , kids , these nice people are gon na take you to your parents , who are all waiting outside .	oh , you know maybe you and lauren could maybe forgive madison , just go and do it	0
'cause your song was insincere , boy .	because your song was dishonest , boy .	1
to tell you the truth , i felt a little embarrassed .	my motor is in it and that 's why my mechanics have pushed it .	0
i even put him in a double armbar , and he wriggled free .	i even put a two-handed lever on him and he writhed out .	1
the contact wire height interfaces with the infrastructure and high speed rolling stock subsystems .	the height of the overhead wire is related to the infrastructure subsystem and the `` high speed rolling stock . ''	1
it seems they were waiting for someone here	looks like they 're waiting for someone .	1
captain , i -- do n't argue .	captain , i- - do n't argue .	1
getting out more ?	does he go out more ?	1
she was with ... just some other friends .	she was with her friends .	1
i hired them , okay ? i 'm sorry . i 'm so stupid .	i 'm sorry , i 'm an idiot .	1
the original project cost dozens of civilian and military lives ... ... and created a public relations messwhich we spent years cleaning up .	the original project cost tens of lives of soldiers and civilians ... ... and created an uproar that we had to clean up for years .	1
do n't ... fuss with me .	today , this number is currently out of reach , 19,000 per minute , 10 billion a year .	0
this was already settled with the third hokage !	he 's already decided the third hokage !	1
but the m-class planet ... ... it 's gone .	so you can go straight to hell .	0
go ahead , say it again .	help with the restaurant ?	0
he 'd opened up a little and got some of it off his chest and out of his system .	we 'll order a cab .	0
what do you mean by `` strange dealings '' ?	what do you mean by the odd conduct ?	1
let there be silence .	you can leave me a message , i 'll be in touch soon .	0
the lab reports came back .	a lab report came in .	1
who says it 's your fucking character ? - nice .	i can call you alex .	0
we think our interface experiment may have caused one of the computer 's core subroutines to be altered .	we think our experiment may have caused change in one of the sub-programs .	1
ok , so far we have two white males , early 20s , and wore gas masks , of all things .	all right , so , there 's only two white guys in their 20s who decided to camouflage gas masks .	1
i 've wanted one forever .	look at the documentary film by looking at one of the most important authors of the current progressive generation .	0
hey , tell the twins to stop . i ca n't .	peg , tell the twins to stop .	1
oh , just a feeling i have .	oh , i just have an idea .	1
yes . i agree with them .	yeah , that 's him .	0
if you really have it in you to take advantage of my hopeless condition , then go ahead .	if you 're going to take advantage of my desperate condition , so be it .	1
i have a feeling there are a lot of worried people who will be glad to see you .	i feel there 's a lot of worried people looking to see you .	1
what about the others at lookout point ?	what about the others on the show ?	1
we are in ...	we 're ...	1
we find that suitcase , we can match the zipper impression to the one on her face .	if we can find the suitcase , we can straighten this zipper with the imprint on her face .	1
daddy . we just buried him .	we just buried him !	1
`` well , what have we been told about gaia ?	wait , it 's not an hour .	0
the vars will be here soon , ' he told them .	'varros will arrive soon , 'he told them .	1
countblank ( range )	countblank ( area )	1
i had one play , 'the goblet , ' running in both dresden and berlin .	i have something else to discuss with my ... maid .	0
how about update tomorrow ?	how about tomorrow 's complete edition ?	1
i want to fly well if only someone would teach me how	i want to fly beautifully if one taught me how .	1
if you promise it'il just be this one time .	if you say `` man , '' that 's not cool .	0
`` this group intends to take some sort of action here on trantor , possibly aimed at hari seldon .	machinery for cylinders ; roller tables for supply and removing products ; sprouts and manipulators for ingots , balls , rods and flat ( braid )	0
i wish i could , but earl 's got one withered arm ... ... and he had all the left sleeves hemmed .	i wish i could , but earl 's got one hand on it , so he 's got all the left sleeves .	1
general , another cruiser has been hit .	so your grandmother is pretty sharp .	0
then i don ’ t understand , ephram .	`` i had n't thought of that .	0
her fingers moved imperceptibly over the washed-out counterpane until they were a fraction from his .	none of this makes much sense .	0
i think you had a good reason to run .	worm !	0
why do you pee on your lemon tree ? - what ?	good thing i did n't knock him out .	0
just , uh , went for some drinks .	the door .	0
nobody understands you but me , lovey , and i understand you— ” '	vella , as seductive as ever , wandered absently among the flowers of flowers in her tight , tight-fitting jersey and narrow leather leggings .	0
of how much you really want to do it .	a test of how much you really want .	1
if a bit of alcohol is left on the skin , you may get a stinging sensation .	alec , i need to hold your hand .	0
i thought that we were slowly building that bridge of friendship brick by brick , but now ...	i thought we were gon na build our friendship , brick by brick .	1
last time we were outnumbered twenty to one by the death eaters and they were picking us off one by one ... '	the death eaters were at odds of twenty to one , and they collected us one by one.. . '	1
my husband who has never read a book in his life , unless i am very much mistaken has a mania for rooms lined with books .	given his reliance on vicodin , i think he has liver encephalopathy .	0
kay kissed the old woman ’ s wrinkled cheek , then got behind the wheel .	kay kissed the old man on his back and sat behind the wheel .	1
'all the times i 've talked about writing , ' he said .	`` i 've talked so many times about writing . '' he said .	1
she did n't question me , just smiled and walked away .	she did n't insist , she merely smiled and walked away .	1
it was the most fun i 've had in a long time .	i have n't had that much fun with anyone for a long time .	1
pants on fire .	when your underwear is on fire .	1
only the master of the city could do that , and then only if he was incredibly powerful . ''	we were n't at the same meeting ?	0
i 'm tired of your inefficiency , dietrich !	i 'm sick of your incompetence .	1
alright , good night then . -dad ?	you give me your word .	0
sorry . thought you were dead .	when dreams start to seem good , he should start to worry .	0
sorry if returning your calls is n't a priority .	so sorry you were n't my priority .	1
tell them i said sink the boat if they have to .	gold !	0
if i do this , i need a day to get my affairs in order .	when i do , i need one more day to straighten my stuff out .	1
i do n't want the whole my life just to dream .	he was barely a foot and a half tall with broad shoulders , strong arms and big heads .	0
can you guys see this ?	my job was to destroy a terrorist group operating in hong kong .	0
thank you for playing , trimble .	there was another creature on his left , moving among the trees .	0
calling it an insomnia study allows me to create a highly suggestive environment to investigate the dynamics offear .	i called it a study of insomnia , and it allows me to create a very stimulating environment to research the dynamics of fear .	1
and you , alex ... ... if i may call you alex ...	you know , the victim was quite popular in italy .	0
he soon realized that there could be a game advantage in this weapon .	soon he realized that this weapon might be in favor of this weapon .	1
the cheque is no good ?	`` please stop digging your nails in my back ...	0
carthage -- this is where the south begins .	they only care about one thing .	0
barack obama ! ♪ so in love with you ...	ah , there you are .	0
now , we need one more queen .	now , we need more queens .	1
they had a good laugh and decided to stay and play ball .	yes , here ... by the ear .	0
i have n't even been on a date .	in fact , he also tells the bible - a thousand years of hell on earth .	0
i was so frustrated with that whole situation .	i was so disgusted by the whole situation .	1
so i can go to second base with both of these girls , no problem ?	i turned the leaf	0
( 6 ) oj l 131 , 5.5.1998 , p. 11 .	but you took something else .	0
so , what are you gon na do ?	let 's discuss it then .	0
therefore , clinically relevant interactions involving cytochrome cyp2c9 appear unlikely .	clinically significant interactions on cytochrome cyp2c9 are unlikely .	1
a majority of cases concern bad application of eu environment law , but there are also cases concerning lack of transposition or improper transposition of directives .	look , someone needs to stay here to stop vaughn , or we 'll all be arrested .	0
a treatise on modern electronics written in sanskrit poetry with half the thoughts taken for granted would have been lucid in comparison .	breakfast is ready , but a couple of people are still dancing .	0
shay , he 's got an electrical burn .	it always has .	0
i 'm gon na go over by the bar where i can hear you worse .	tega was reassured by the double vision that there were no unwelcome eyes on their arrival .	0
'my lady . '	`` my lady . ''	1
only if you 're standing on it , right , mr. secretary ?	only if you 're standing on it , are n't you , minister ?	1
what made you change your mind about me being here ?	tell him i know he has the inboxes and that i 'm going to get them .	0
hello .	hey .	1
why ? saraya !	saraya !	1
i 'm not havin ' a party .	i 'm not having a party .	1
casey , noxious , overbearing 09er butthead casey has become a really sweet guy and	from casey -- toho arrogant little man casey ... he 's become a really nice guy .	1
by definition , however , the der grüne punkt approach is procedurally more cumbersome , as it requires that a separate damages action be lodged .	however , by nature , the method used in der grüne punkt judgment is more cumbersome , and requires a separate application .	1
hughnon glanced at the fireplace .	there 's still much to be told , but there will be plenty of time for that .	0
a leader has many concerns , my child .	the king has many worries , my child .	1
what do you think she was about to tell you ?	transition from financial to operational leasing - consequences and a deeper follow-up to the running of the company	0
have you ever done any scuba diving , albert ? ''	did you ever dive in a suit , albert ? ``	1
we ran out ofcoffee ... so i went grocery shopping .	i 'm sorry to watch you and i showed up at your house , but i tried to talk to you at school ...	0
it 's beautiful ; it 's actually quite a patriotic soirée .	i do n't see why you think you have to prepare for perks before performance .	0
what is exploration ?	and then imagine these hands holding the steering wheel ... ... your brand-new car .	0
find sarah , pull her aside , and specifically tell her that i forgot the rings .	find sarah , and in private , tell her i forgot the rings .	1
something 's coming , i can feel it , and it 's coming right around the corner at me , squadron leader .	everyone deserves a nice vacation , right ?	0
i thought i 'd spill it out the minute you got here .	no , i do n't know what you mean .	0
we 've got to get it to walk in front of the sensor again .	at least 30 !	0
`` i 'm inclined to think you 're onto something , commodore , but money 's no problem , and neither is manufacturing priority .	| the date of the formation of a group of resident enterprises / polished groups of enterprises | 4.6	0
'kesa khan has asked me to lead ekodas through the lower levels .	`` kesa khan asked me to take ekodas to the lower floor .	1
circumstantial hearsay .	i 'm still angry with you , but i have to tell you .	0
students possessing fake ids ould report to mr. molina 's office immediately for police questioning .	the students , who own a fake id , will report immediately to mr. molina 's office , for questioning by police .	1
but i do n't understand how these hoes be acting sometimes and shit .	but i really do n't know how those hookers do it sometimes .	1
63-year-old female with a deep forearm laceration from automobile glass .	a 63-year-old woman with deep-clawed arms from a car window .	1
'i understand that , sire .	'yes , sire .	1
there is also a shared perception that efficiency as well as the sustainability of the logistics industry can not be taken for granted .	at the same time , it was agreed that the efficiency and sustainability of the logistics sector can not be taken for granted .	1
you understand ? ''	the rotors are adjusted between buildings without recirculation .	0
me and ishikawa for one along with saito and others all need maintenance and such .	my and ishikawa personally , along with sait and others alike .	1
we just ca n't perceive it .	you confess and die .	0
172 tad williams simon pushed past morgenes without a word of explanation and headed down the corridor .	the ilo could take part from the perspective of the organisation 's methodology and the functioning of the establishment of the regional social dialogue committees .	0
yeah , well , i bet i could get a boyfriend before you could get a boyfriend .	yeah , well , i bet i 'd find a guy before you did .	1
on the best-in-class photo papers , which are intended also for digital printing , is the printing stable for dozens of years .	for the best kinds of photoshoots , which are also designed for digital prints , the prints have been colour-stable for decades .	1
how can it not know what it is ?	how do you know what it means ?	1
| date of commencement of the resident/truncated enterprise group | 4.6	what are you doing here ?	0
`` go and do it .	go , do it !	1
stop blaming dad for everything .	stop throwing things at dad .	1
mm-hmm . we do n't have to .	we do n't have to .	1
just a moment , please .	hey , i 'm trying to work here !	0
from south africa , couple number 336 .	from southern attack , couple number 336 .	1
i intend to try to free him .	and i thought you 'd come to see me about fertility treatment .	0
um , can i talk to joey just -- just for a sec ?	can i talk to joey for a minute ?	1
hurt so much i wished i had died .	there 's no place to live , no matter how much red or blue they win , they all lose .	0
anything that makes them more money they like .	they love everything that makes money .	1
maybe romney really is feeling sentimental about the “ anglo-saxon heritage , ” even as asian power grows .	this development raises doubts about continued fiscal consolidation .	0
well , `` floated over '' is a tad specific , but ... something like that , yes .	well , `` she flew by '' is n't too specific , but ... something like that , yes .	1
oh ! let me guess who you 're playing ! you 're playing biff , right ?	maybe you do n't want to see it .	0
perhaps though you would explain why they are not already there .	maybe you could explain to me why they 're not there .	1
second groupcoming out to `` f ' '' top .	the first seems to become the first juror , the second to become the second juror .	0
can i ask you about your most recent employment ? you can .	`` can i go , dad ? ''	0
he might think i 'm bored , '' she mused .	if we send a quick owl , we can catch the morning edition. ``	0
it may even be you .	when i was 9 , my wife was killed .	0
we 'll park next to the stop .	`` in that case , it 's time for you to get some sleep .	0
mm . ... so you are a secret arab .	you speak arabic , so you 're a secret arab .	1
eric 's gon na be so mad at me .	`` nothing is as strong as goodness ... ... and nothing as good as strength . ''	0
everything 's locked .	it 's locked up everywhere .	1
he 's a resourceful man when he wants to be .	`` all families in a capitalist society have been modelled on currency principles .	0
i did it for a couple of weeks once , but they put me back at number two .	the ladies screamed as it opened with a crack in the floor .	0
somewhere in the dream there are traces of tears	in fact , it 's not what we learned in schools .	0
win or lose does n't matter , xiao dre .	winning or losing does n't matter .	1
what if one of us , on our own , by ourselves ... ... chose to honor alison and peter 's wisheson our own ?	what if one of us is just him , he alone ... ... chooses to honor the memory of alison and peter 's wishes ?	1
i want to give him a chance at a half- way normal life .	i want to give him a chance to have at least half a normal life .	1
maybe we need new leadership .	maybe he needs a new lead .	1
you know i still ...	listen , i want to apologize for taking you so far .	0
yes , yes , of course , of course .	okay , windmark wo n't read you 'cause we 're going for you .	0
i need to go . yeah .	i have to go .	1
see you tomorrow , hmm ?	i 'll see you tomorrow .	1
i do n't wantto put a lot of pressure on you , but there is one other couple that 's expressed very serious interest .	i do n't want to push you , but there 's still a couple who showed serious interest .	1
where 's this ?	where have you been ?	1
`` we did need him .	now put your finger up where you have the clitoris .	0
except as otherwise permitted by this paragraph , no oil fuel with a flashpoint of less than 60 °c shall be used .	is donna your girl or not ?	0
i ai n't letting you get your hands on these guns .	i wo n't let you take your weapons .	1
i do n't wan na make you do anything that no , it 's fine .	katniss ...	0
will you ... ... share in the great wealth of our people ?	pinky will meet someone at least and jessie forgets about his football .	0
by george , kemo sabes , your smashed-up friend soon like brand-new with 90-day warranty .	george , the kimosaves , your ruined friend will be a new one with a 90-second warranty .	1
does he affect us ?	not that we know how such a track looks .	0
i mean , i 'm a miracle worker .	i think i 'm a miracle .	1
`` you set us up , you bastard . ''	`` you bastard , you do n't want to give us ladies ! ? ''	1
'lipwig is a showman , ' snapped gilt .	'roslip is a comedian , 'snapped gilt .	1
music , bowling , cars , women .	i thought : `` good god , what is that ?	0
true hemp ( cannabis sativa l. ) raw or processed but not spun ; tow and waste of true hemp ( including yarn waste and garnetted stock )	my milk lens came out !	0
'it does n't matter what . '	`` no matter what . ''	1
still no response .	you turned it down , did n't you ?	0
so make an effort , please !	i pulled the snow yesterday . my back is still sore .	0
it 's reasonable to wonder if a gravitational pull , even as strong as a cosmic string 's , would affect them .	it is logical to ask if it is even affecting the gravitational pull , whether strong as a space chain .	1
she brings me messages from frank . - frank ?	oh , my god .	0
and trust me , when they do , we had better be far away from here .	`` what ? '' said ron .	0
`` honeybunch . ''	`` sweetheart . ''	1
get mr magnus !	go get magnus !	1
i 've been divorced for 10 years and you just caught me in the hall being severely berated by an undergraduate .	i 've been divorced for 10 years , and they just caught me in the hallway giving me a student .	1
let 's go now , live , to the game zone !	let 's look into the game zone .	1
jan havlasa , the czechoslovak ambassador to brazil , deserves recognition for ensuring the smooth course of the country 's participation .	unable to create new mail. % s	0
i am asleep .	sleep .	1
you 've done this before . you always come home .	no .	0
oh , what a beautiful sound .	we 'll find out who nipay called .	0
and because i was an italian , and indeed i am an italian .	how the fuck did you think you might be able to protect her from an old , angry vampire , when werewolves always fuck up with vampires ?	0
he 's sabotaging our date on purpose .	he 's deliberately sabotaging our date .	1
the infidel jerked as the weapon came free , spraying blood against the broken ferrocrete of the warren 's walls .	chapter 7 accounting and settlement of transactions in the single linking of daily and intraday markets article 68 accounting and settlement 1 .	0
did you do that ?	the commission has a vital role in maintaining momentum - the role of facilitator and supporting stakeholder involvement .	0
humanitarian action is wide-ranging and diverse and we need to identify which of its contexts are most suited to voluntary work .	humanitarian activities are very large and varied , and it is necessary to identify the situations in which the volunteers `` participation is most appropriate .	1
joe : why did n't you say so ?	guitar blues .	0
but he had not eaten breakfast and had nothing to toss up .	he did n't eat breakfast .	1
it 's fruit cake .	you know those guys who are really good at packing girls at the bar ?	0
terrorist gunned down	cotton scarves ?	0
do n't you have some flaw defenseless animals to disembogue ?	where 's the ethics agreement ?	0
old dawn patrol buddy asked me to hook his boy up with some heat , so i did him a solid .	an old surf buddy asked me to get his kid a gun , so i did him a favor .	1
this rich circus owner in england is crazy about our puppets .	it 's like a castle !	0
when i see him , he wont look anymore like he did as i remember him .	if i find him , he 'll never ... ... look the way i 've remembered him .	1
you count yourself lucky that you got a wealthy man to take care of ya .	you 're really lucky to have a guy who takes care of you , dear .	1
i really want to loosen up a bit , so i 'm helping the kids do britney .	i wanted to loosen up a little bit , so i 'm gon na be doing britney 's number with the kids .	1
he 's not going to some special school to learn how to re-tread tires .	he 's not going to go to a special school to teach his tires .	1
`` by no means , '' he said .	i would n't buy a whorehouse because i 'd think bitches could do more men in an hour .	0
you don ’ t know that .	let go .	0
nobody wants to get hurt . just cool off .	i do n't want to hurt anyone .	1
montana , does this single rose mean you 're not single anymore ?	montana , does the roses themselves mean that you 're not alone anymore ?	1
yeah , i kind of remember that , sorry .	show up against three .	0
the führer would not understand if you refused to cooperate .	can i try ?	0
i 've got to find the number .	i need to find out the number .	1
we found mrs. price ridley talking at a high rate of speed to a somewhat bewildered-looking police constable .	we caught mrs price ridley speaking with a bit of a confused constable .	1
but nowhere in the roof there are traces of dirt or smoke residue	but nowhere on the ceiling is there any dirt or establishment from the smoke .	1
article 12d place for lodging entry andexit declarations 1 .	article 12d instead of lodging an interim declaration on the entry into force of non-import of goods 1 .	1
clouds of hydrogen and helium gas float through space .	the clouds of hydrogen and gases of helium flow through the universe .	1
it 's actually not a bad system , you know ?	yeah , i got it .	0
they were moving towards the exit when there came the sharp crack and flash of a press camera .	they were coming closer to the exit when there was a shrill click and flash .	1
right-click on the contact folder , and then click properties .	two champagne , please , sir .	0
and when the stock market took a shit and danny got into trouble , he went searching for exactly the type of situation that we 're offering .	what 's unusual ?	0
it 's a travel day for tommy , so it 's a travel day for us .	he travels with tommy , so we travel .	1
you do n't steal the card , you copy it .	ict may also support different types of certification .	0
food that 's edible .	food that 's ready .	1
he violated this family .	he 's vilified this family .	1
it was a good plan and it was only spoiled when he spotted the cat , down in the hall .	midnight sky	0
you know him very well - yes	you know him very well .	1
the moment i closed my eyes , he entered the tent ... he twisted my ankle and the pain ...	you write it , i 'll design the scene .	0
it does n't look anything like her . nonsense .	there 's got to be a terrace where we can have breakfast on our own .	0
he took saul . and i 'm gon na get him back .	now he 's taken saul and i 'm going to release him .	1
now , let 's see ... where could it be ?	let 's see where it might be .	1
oh , no no . - get back .	jorge said it was n't right to decorate the ridiculous imagery of a book that contains the truth .	0
that 's the call you got that took you out the house this morning before you even had your pancakes ?	i hope he can pull it back into the shuttlecraft and we can get out of the ship before the explosion .	0
so , what the hell with this case ?	so , what about the case , buddy ?	1
when i 'd been a djinn i 'd existed in a whole other plane of existence , accessing the world through life outside of myself .	when i was a genie , i was in a different layer of reality and approached the world through life beyond myself .	1
i got an omer from another firm .	`` obviously '' is the perfect word , 'cause obviously our killer is ... invisible .	0
once this job comes off , we have to vanish .	once this job is over , we have to go .	1
the more important thing ... does pj really love you ?	but more importantly , does pj love you ?	1
you did n't catch bugs from penny 's chair .	32 ) , as proposed by this directive do not affect the more favourable provisions of the european social charter .	0
she was depressed and she had a right to be in the show .	she had depression and had the right to play in the show .	1
they are too young to have this kind of pressure , are n't they ?	they 're too young to press so much on them , right ?	1
inserts a checkbox control	inserts the control `` check box ''	1
have you noticed that ? '	as if i could hear his voice from a great distance , as he struggled through the dark screen of my bleak thoughts .	0
he died before his time .	hot carbon rained down in the fireplace .	0
this was a battle to the finish and the c1 's electrics were still going .	you said it was magical .	0
however , strict dismissal regulations are often associated with labour market duality , requiring policy makers to strike a balance between competing effects of dismissal regulations .	let the girl go .	0
it 's 'cause of the mermaid theory .	because of the mermaid theory .	1
it 's like repairing my house for me , and i 'll pay you for the service– ''	when a lion is close to another lion , he 's not allowed to blink .	0
they marched to the hangers at lawson field , singing and shouting in anticipation .	bad news is that only half a percent of the population could be a donor .	0
they 'll even eat vampires .	even vampires .	1
yes , well , if you had n't missed the target by about 500 yards and 50 years , we would n't be in this place .	yes , and if you had n't made a mistake about 450 yards and 50 years , none of this would have happened .	1
that 's what the bible itself says , man a thousand years of hell on earth .	it seems like you want to go home on your bike .	0
they 're just dummies forget them !	forget them !	1
look :	his thumb at his feet !	0
no crazy people around here .	there 's no fool around .	1
the only real issue is the lag and we can fix that with more network equipment and pcs .	we can like a pencil .	0
death our meat and drink .	why would she want to leave the island and risk another disease ?	0
i see myself as ... the picasso of sequins .	now , will you please tell me what this is all about ? ``	0
eklavya was with us .	eklavya went with us too .	1
tanda could see the giant flow of energy as well as i could .	that , at least .	0
i 'm thinking steak .	i think steaks .	1
the video was that offensive ?	ujo punched the start button again .	0
he wanted to flee , even if the only route of escape meant plunging headlong over the side of the gorge .	here 's something we have n't seen before - a mound of dirt , an average of about fifty centimetres .	0
the notary must refuse to issue an authentic instrument if the conditions required by law are not satisfied .	the notary must refuse to write a public deed of legal action , unless the right of the conditions required is satisfied .	1
you also need an incredible hand-eye coordination , which is a gft .	you also need a great eye-eye coordination , which is a gift .	1
lead investigator in the uncle eddie 's case ...	this afternoon , detective stan aubrey , an investigator in uncle eddie 's case ...	1
thank you .	i think the wizard 's mind went crazy .	0
under those provisions of directive 75/442 , only waste disposal operations require a permit to be obtained first .	in fact , it was the local police who first informed the family .	0
for me ? - yes .	for me ?	1
i ’ m glad i am working with you , lieutenant , and not one of these hard-boiled fellows .	i 'm glad i 'm working with you , lieutenant , not with one of those tough guys .	1
see him yet ?	did you sleep too ?	0
`` yes , '' he said to himself in his mother tongue , `` these organs are surely compasses and , i suspect , much else .	address .	0
they would therefore enlarge the scope of “ priority axis 1 ” of the commission ’ s proposal for a new rural development regulation .	my name 's ty walker .	0
i liked the idea of helping a prisoner make up for something bad he did , since that 's what i do with my list .	i liked the idea of helping prisoners make up for his crimes , because i 'm doing it through my list .	1
oh , i 've told them of your good works ... but they 're shy .	that 's huge .	0
stewie . - stewie .	he made camp about two , three miles from the city	0
they had forged a bond on the trip to moraelin with arutha .	a strong bond formed between them during the trip to pekraelin .	1
he did , sort of hesitatingly , glancing back at the waiting men .	he did a little embarrassed , looking back at the waiting men .	1
he was quick to obey , and i found myself alone on the deck of the ghost .	he obeyed with an understandable haste , and i stayed aboard the ghost alone and alone .	1
... with consistent showers through the next few days .	... with lingering rain over the next few days .	1
he 's on his way to the plaza .	he 's on his way to the hotel .	1
look at these boxes . you think i got them at cash and carry ? why did n't you tell me you were going ?	you think i 've got them from cash and carry ?	1
look , either someone stayed back to hold off vaughn , or we all got busted .	you 'd be in civilian clothes .	0
narrator : linda sinclair .	dr. bailey was fired yesterday .	0
peggy , is n't it ?	peggy , is that right ?	1
a moment of silence .	there was a silence .	1
`` i ... know ... '' she said , voice coming ever so softly in her raw throat .	when you finish , you bring me the plans and the waste .	0
let 's draw a few slashes here .	let 's draw a few lines here .	1
women doctors .	the doctors .	1
in other words , cdl ’ s beta is probably higher than that of its competitors .	in other words , the beta-application value in the cdl case is likely to be higher than that of its competitors .	1
ron 's ego finally gave .	when the time comes to meet again , i 'll find you .	0
they may be related to her husband 's underground activities .	so , i was talking to a special agent , and he was talking to the state prosecutor .	0
ln the incident that stranded us here in the delta qua ...	you 're gon na miss it .	0
the one on the right 's from the evidence room at quantico .	i 've got an ace in my sleeve .	0
`` she looks beautiful , '' he said truthfully , climbing to the rim of the gravity pad with the breeze full in his face .	they shot at you for success .	0
what painters do you like ?	for a moment there was silence , the men looking at each other .	0
15 people verified it .	johnnie always wore a .38 for his waist .	0
that 's too bad .	that 's really a shame .	1
how about this ? you sell it , i fertilize it .	what about this : you 're going to sell it and i 'm going to fertilize it ?	1
but we 've got nothing to do with his death	we have nothing to do with his death .	1
it 's alright ! i got you .	i 've got you .	1
god damn it , run !	no one sits on the bed in the dirty pants , or they 'll spend the night in solitary .	0
do n't you think he should hang out	did you have fun ?	0
let 's make it simple .	we 'll make it easier .	1
its name harkened not back to the revolutionaries of the 1770s , but rather to the owner 's image of himself .	his name did not come from revolutionaries in the seventeenth century , but rather from a view he himself formed of himself by the owner of the saloon .	1
all men are nervous the night before their wedding .	`` the egg was ripe , just before the hatch , and now we will spread across the country .	0
look , seven carriages leave westminster .	from westminster , it 's seven cars .	1
but you did n't pull the trigger . because you ca n't escape your past .	but you did n't pull the trigger .	1
why is that little bitch always in our dressing room ?	why is he still in our dressing room ?	1
that 's why we have to dive into people , wade into the sea of humanity , truman..	that 's what happens when you sleep first .	0
it has n't changed ; you have .	you called us .	0
you ca n't just waltz in here dressed like that and ask for a beer .	i 'll write you a song - i should warn you ... love is like a christmas cookie :	0
give you a call tomorrow .	that 's really none of your business .	0
if you want people to think you 're pregnant , you 've got ta start talking the talk and walking the ... waddle	look , if you want others to think you 're pregnant , you should start pretending , talk and walk ... like a duck .	1
we do n't know who 's behind this .	the test takes 700 hours for the cycle of spraying according to paragraph 6.10.3 .	0
so , let 's go ahead and show that .	it 's a job .	0
they 'll be wrapping fish in it .	they 're going to be packing fish .	1
by the time i got there , he was already shitfaced , and i was actually worried that he was gon na recognize me from ...	when i got there , he was shit , and i was a little scared to recognize him , of those ...	1
there are a senior employee haeju group named song jeon moo .	if your husband wanted to give you the access , your fingerprint will be in the system .	0
`` you are saying that you would rather i did not accompany you . ''	would you like some champagne ?	0
please help me regain my family 's honor .	he knew only that he had to try to stop sithole somehow .	0
if i had on pantalets , i 'd use them .	that omission is a sufficient reason for the appeal to be upheld .	0
dr. trang ? yeah .	we used to be proud .	0
now i 'm going to have two casts and a fucking mohawk .	now i 'll have two bruises and a fucking mohawk .	1
that 's why i went to get help .	then your family gets away with it , and the pigs will finish what the dogs ca n't handle .	0
give back the ball !	give us the ball , son !	1
what , you think i do n't know ?	so the empire 's mess is the most logical way to help the state budget .	0
that boy never even said thank you .	| | i trade exhibition , involving trading partners , in order to promote the benefits of timber covered by flegt licences	0
you and i are under an enchantment , joe .	you and i are under some kind of spell , joe .	1
thus , especially in the difficult conditions prevailing on labour markets , employment policy measures can only succeed if macroeconomic conditions are more favourable .	in this sense , measures concerning the labour market can only be successful in a more favourable macroeconomic environment .	1
how 's business ?	how 's it going ?	1
tunnel man , huh ?	the tunnel ?	1
goodbye , old paint , i 'm leaving cheyenne	you want to go after them ?	0
he got a job here in nineteen hundred , ' here he paused , 'and forty-five .	he came to us in nineteen hundred , `` he paused ,	1
i 'm gon na try to get him breathing manually ... ... so i need your face next to his mouth to see if it 's working .	all we want is to save rebecca .	0
if they tell you any different , they 're trying to rip you off .	i 'll drag it into the library tonight , 'cause we have a big test tomorrow .	0
i 'm turning my phone off .	i 'm shutting down the phone .	1
you two can help shell 'em and you can take some to your mother , vivien .	you can rob them , and you can take something from your mother , vivien .	1
chloe was able to follow the feed from the earpiece .	chloe was able to track the power over the headset .	1
`` the tag end of a rather nasty conversation .	`` it 's a pretty nasty conversation .	1
he wants you to hugged him tightly .	he wants you to hold him tight .	1
they 're connected everywhere : defense , cia , nsa ... ... maybe even your people .	i suspect they want to use witchcraft against you .	0
you guys just do n't get it .	you just do n't understand .	1
i , uh ... i do n't suppose you 'd be interested in meeting ...	he held a large , staring eye in one hand .	0
face !	chucky .	0
where 's your planet ?	what 's your planet 's name ?	1
this time i was thinking i got rid of you for sure .	and i thought i got rid of you forever .	1
having a nervous breakdown at home .	six , seven bucks a minute .	0
my kind were conquering worlds when yours was little more than a ball of superheated gas .	my race was conquering other worlds when yours was nothing more than clouds of hot gas .	1
i mean , i 'd like to know what pushed them over the top .	i 'd like to know what 's pushing them up .	1
all the answers will become apparent ? - the answers .	answers .	1
go on . open it . take a look inside .	so go ahead . open it .	1
we are working hard to make your life better . but our competitor , digivation , wants to ruin your life .	but they believe it is possible - and desirable - to have a universe without any toe , no definitive equation , no unifying structure .	0
outta here , you big , nasty animal , you !	under eu leadership , the un has taken a decisive step towards further implementation and improvement of the concept	0
they 're the ones who brought murphy in .	they brought murphy .	1
no , okay , i 'm done .	stay where you are !	0
that was not exactly the truth , but close .	do n't worry , plenty of time , enough time for the gate to lock .	0
he had to rescue an important contract .	he had to make an important contract .	1
community law – interpretation – texts in several languages 2 .	and then -- in half an hour -- we 're leaving ! ``	0
infantry from schofield barracksmoved out within a few hours ... ... and have manned beach positions . this is no manoeuvre .	pick him up and take him to where you found him .	0
what you doing , marge ?	what are you doing ?	1
no , this is n't good-bye .	nothing remained hidden from her .	0
`` it is the last command of chieftain 's daughter , '' she whispered .	one of my plays , `` the cup , '' was played in both dresden and berlin .	0
if i 'd left them for you , you still would have gotten bored and moved on in a month .	if i had left them for you , you 'd be bored eventually , and after a month , you 'd have forgotten .	1
breathe . okay . you 're okay .	you 're okay .	1
not after you have refused our request .	where 's the nearest pool ?	0
you should see me in the bullring .	no , he needs to see dr. swender and not his partner .	0
he escaped in a standard fbi vehicle , right ?	he got away with the fbi standard , right ?	1
come on , grab him !	guys , what did i tell you about drugs ?	0
i mean , maybe somebody knows her .	someone might recognize her .	1
that 's a nice , clean sport .	that 's a nice , innocent sport .	1
see she takes her thorazine . -sure .	give her thorazine .	1
and that shit is more scary than ordell .	and that scares me more than ordell .	1
do not scroll while playing	do n't move when playing	1
i could do that .	failed to create pipe for socket address ( % s )	0
taking everybody 's pension , and nobody going to jail .	these clubs of free sex have completely missed what sexual freedom is all about .	0
`` can you imagine what a world would be like descended from those ... cretins we arrived with ? '' he said .	`` can you imagine what a world created by the descendants of those ... assholes we came up with ? ''	1
if you want friends , do n't use words like `` conundrum . ''	useful advice : if you want friends , do n't use words like `` vicious circle . ''	1
i 've checked and rechecked .	i checked and checked again .	1
i 'd put the time of death between 8 and 12 hours ago .	he said death occurred eight to 12 hours ago .	1
don made some compelling arguments .	don has some strong arguments .	1
do you think that 'd fix it ?	do you think he 'll take care of it ?	1
some people are so spoiled . it 's not much , but i like it .	was there a biohazard ?	0
- bring albania 's legislation on defamation into line with european standards and implement it .	the hairy earthlings began to defend themselves , burning up the attacking gubru from their inadequate weapons .	0
the chinese triads now has a 1/2 million members ,	but wait ...	0
the glazing alone costs upwards of £20,000 .	he stared at the tray .	0
you 're making a scene , many !	you know what ?	0
but ifthey live , and live they do , then they must eat .	but if they live , they live , they must somehow feed .	1
i did n't dally to hear the rest .	if you do n't believe it , it 's useless .	0
this , too , means that school curricula , especially in grammar schools , should provide extensive , high-quality teaching .	therefore , the curriculum of schools and in particular grammar schools must be equipped with an expanded and high quality learning offer .	1
these are just excitement bumps because i am so pumped for christmas .	by the time they came to a cheerful-looking building with a great yard and stables on the right , it was dark .	0
you 're lying . what are you doing here ?	what are you doing here ?	1
surely , i had known the differene - yet could i accept an explanation as insane as this ?	sure , i realized the difference - but could i have taken such a crazy explanation ?	1
if he doesn ’ t show up by an hour and a half before first light then we have to get out . ’	if he does n't show up in the next half hour before dawn , we have to get out of here. ``	1
as it happens , the victim was rather famous even in italy .	secondly , you ca n't just dismiss the brotherhood .	0
you guys squared away around back ?	you square out the back ?	1
he 's the only one foolish enough to mess with my panini .	he 's the only one who 's stupid enough to eat my panini .	1
specify the position of the address blocks and salutations on the documents .	i 'm a robot , you ca n't offend me .	0
but ... let 's go somewhere secret .	i sent the text , not eric , you piece of shit .	0
... do nothing .	you 're finally telling the truth .	0
i 'm offering $ 500,000 worth of white for $ 200,000 .	next time you see , the cat court will hear the case of a cheetah chester .	0
or rather pinned it through the fabric into my skin .	my name is frank hardwick ... ... and since we 're at a police ball ... ... you probably all know me from my prints .	0
do n't be alarmed , there 's plenty of time , plenty of time before the gate is locked .	watch out for the rain .	0
1708 - currently owned by the nippon music foundation ; on loan to sergey khachatryan .	shadwell town has advanced to the first division .	0
therefore , should the authority conclude that the transfer does entail aid , any aid element may , therefore , be de minimis .	if the authority had concluded that the transfer included the aid , the potential element of aid could therefore be de minimis .	1
`` where is the sleeping gas ? '' he asked as he climbed the rungs .	dj radin ?	0
do n't you try ...	do n't even try ...	1
uh , yeah , it 's in the bag .	you ca n't even lift it !	0
we were doing homework .	so quick that you 've been six feet underground .	0
look at tiny strong liam with his little shovel .	let 's look at little liam as he 's going with the shovel .	1
we must get a message to stilgar .	you have to send a message to stilgar .	1
over . do you have casualties ?	nina sharp ?	0
do you want to continue without the possibility to undo ?	i 'm sorry , maybe there 's a stop sign , but i 'm not going to risk my life for that .	0
six . and one .	and one .	1
pierce : guys , i think we can do a lot of good with this one .	guys , i think we can do a lot of good .	1
you 're correcting me ?	you fixing me ?	1
why not , right ? you know ?	why not ?	1
i got everything i wanted for my birthday ... except you , jimmy .	so you do n't believe me ?	0
who the fuck are you to question anybody ?	who the fuck are you to doubt everyone ?	1
he has no tingling , no numbness .	he had no tingling , no desensitivities .	1
ray , do you copy ?	dad , get rid of us .	0
yet that was nothing compared to the appalling prospect of the orbital tower .	you want an adultery confession ?	0
yes , he still lives here .	i thought the same thing .	0
cordell ? - yeah .	that was n't your choice .	0
they want to imagine themselves fending off a cardassian attack , or facing a fleet of jem'hadar ships .	`` in the highways . ''	0
i 'm done .	a hill of aerok is littered with these bodies .	0
8 - further observations grassau , german democratic republic the tv news crew was having a great time .	i 'm waiting for an answer , severer .	0
we 've got that cold . elections that would have yielded a hard-line islamic government .	that would bring an uncompromising islamist government .	1
oh , do n't tell me .	drop the knife or i 'll beat you to death .	0
uncle gun has commited suicide !	uncle gun hanged himself !	1
we got ta get to the lowest point . higher , come on !	now where do i get a clean t-shirt ?	0
you look elegant .	you look dashing .	1
i 've saved the show before , and i ai n't afraid of no board !	why do n't you tell me about your murdering old man ?	0
phil 's gon na do it , and he 'll do it his way .	phil will do it , and by his own .	1
is there a gap in the anastomosis ?	they 're waiting for the men to get up and ask them to dance .	0
there are a lot of things you could 've done .	let all their souls be damned !	0
its existence was first recorded in 1261 .	the man behind it was supposed to pick you up , give you your share , and help you disappear .	0
how 's tokyo ?	what about tokyo ?	1
i did what he told me to , he 's a big star !	you do n't have to keep shouting .	0
benji is a long way from the road and seems to be lost .	benji is far from there and seems to have lost .	1
in such cases , the hours worked shall give entitlement to equivalent time off on a weekday .	who are you , anyway ?	0
i 'll go write it now before the new light comes .	i 'll write it before it gets light .	1
i think powell could still be in danger . - how so ?	powell might still be in danger .	1
mr mickelson . if you would like to join us , please .	he thought ... there 's a word for the budget in danish ?	0
i do n't see it as treason ...	i do n't see it in that high treason !	1
what ifwe assemble the ships ... and there is no longer a slave army to board them ?	what if we prepare the boats ... and there will be no slave army to board them ?	1
he glanced at molin as he passed though their masks made subtle communication impossible .	he looked at molina as he passed , though their masks made it impossible to communicate .	1
can you hear me ?	there was no other face equal to her in the imagination .	0
we ’ il blow up the internet for brother faisal .	does it have nothing to do with raising him two women ?	0
in part i , box 3 of the model , the term ‘ official number ’ is replaced by ‘ unique european vessel identification number ’ .	you ca n't crush the beast .	0
consider the following facts :	great , just go get your body sugar .	0
you do n't remember me ?	i would have made you immortal .	0
hyperdimensional progressions ... perfect .	hyperdimensional procedure ... perfect .	1
you 're going to be 55 , victor .	you 're the only thing i have in the world , danny .	0
he 's like brad pitt , leonardo di caprio ... ... and that gorgeous goalie from portugal , rolled into one .	he looks like brad pitt , leonardo di caprio and that gorgeous portuguese footballer combined .	1
the money i gave you the last time might have been out .	amaneh , you 're angry with me ?	0
statements of objection must reach the commission within six months from the date of this publication .	delivery times are negotiated individually for each contract depending on the order range and its quantity .	0
this is not you .	it 's not like you .	1
`` thank you for sharing something you thought would interest me '' .	thank you for sharing what you thought i 'd be interested in .	1
skynet 's valley ofdeath .	i was behind a doctor who knew her .	0
she definitely did n't do it .	if you could do it your way , would you marry arthur ?	0
`` i never stayed with any one . ''	`` i 've never had anything . ''	1
whatever i have done , it 's for those eyes	`` howard ... '' said eric van smitt .	0
it's- it 's just that i got ta walk on eggshells ...	it 's just that it 's like walking on eggshells	1
the current mechanism , relying on an inter-governmental system of peer review , is not strong enough to effectively remedy all weaknesses .	we 're going to launch the internet for brother faisal .	0
`` our damage control officer may have her hands full shortly . ''	`` our dispatcher will probably have his hands full shortly . ''	1
wake up , mr. kusturica .	get up , mr. kusturica .	1
we all do .	i know where the substance is .	0
to be addressed meaningfully , an assessment of imbalances and their impact on the europe-wide economy is needed .	in order to address this problem in a meaningful way , an evaluation of imbalances and its impact on europe 's economy is needed .	1
say hi to master fung !	say hello to master funga !	1
show conditional answer .	we 'll all be quiet tomorrow .	0
that night onmy date with royce ,	as regards differences in manufacturing , they shall not be considered to be relevant .	0
he got it .	we gave him cash and he got in touch with wratten , he did n't tell him about us and they went into it .	0
god , who would n't .	the invasive nature of the operation has left permanent damage to his brain .	0
like cut the grass ?	maybe cut the lawn ?	1
now let 's see what else you can figure out . ''	let 's see what else you can find on the diagram. ``	1
article 7 regulation no 163/67/eec is repealed .	article 7 regulation no 163 / 67 / eec is hereby repealed .	1
instead , he is just another footballer who is very skillful at cheating .	you could be linked to someone .	0
how did you come to know jacobson ?	he expected him to die .	0
if superinfection is suspected , appropriate measures should be taken , including consideration of discontinuing oracea .	in the case of suspected superinfection , appropriate measures should be taken as well as to consider discontinuation of oracea .	1
is ... is it savoy ?	good night , frank .	0
and we are just humble men we seek no disturbance with the gods ,	and we are just humble people , we do n't want to be exposed to the gods .	1
may i get `` embedded '' with you for a few days ?	yeah , i just checked it up there ... ... and just as i suspected , the ladder is useless .	0
what i do not know , is why i came to be chosen for the holy quest ... instead of the truest knight in christendom .	but i can not understand why i was chosen to seek the holy grail ... ... instead of the best knights of the christian world .	1
`` yeah , i 'm frustrated , too , '' mara snapped back .	do n't shoot us .	0
3.10 the value of developing entrepreneurial spirit should be given greater consideration .	3.10 as a greater extent , the importance of developing an entrepreneurial spirit should be taken into account .	1
good morning . let 's go !	morning , trevor .	1
but if you play your cards right , maybe i 'll take you there morrow .	it 's weird , right ?	0
plays a little tennis , goes scuba-diving in the caribbean .	he plays tennis , diving in the caribbean .	1
( announcer ) with lisa and marc seemingly on the same page ...	with lisa and marco on the same page ...	1
thank you , kasim . we appreciate it .	i do n't believe you bought a fucking dog .	0
i hope you did n't forget about water .	he came back with a great piece of roast , not so long , as druss had gobbled up the bottles of the finest lentrian red .	0
the police ... asked --	police ... ... asked .	1
toyota , aichi	gwalchmai 's eyes flared .	0
mabel , will you do me the honour	mabel , you 're gon na honor me .	1
but i can not fly like a pig . - it 's a snap ! - i am a trained dog .	i ca n't be a pig . i 'm a trained dog .	1
i 'm about to have a little talk with them , so they 'll be out a few minutes late .	i 'm going to talk to them for a minute , so they 'll come up a little later .	1
no , it 's cool . it 's cool .	i thought you 'd be asking questions. ``	0
you belong at the bar , you stupid bitch !	give me your bag .	0
sherwood who drinks like paul avery ?	sherwood , what does he drink like paul avery ?	1
we 'll pinch them just past the clock tower outside the airport .	in truth , i felt a little awkward .	0
“ can you concentrate better now , simon ?	i started to wonder what i should be doing .	0
i 'll pay 5 bucks for valet , but 6.50 is ridiculous .	i get $ 5 for parking , but $ 6.50 is ridiculous .	1
you do n't see anything ? - seeing patterns where none exist is a symptom of schizophrenia .	seeing patterns that do n't exist is symptomatic of schizophrenia .	1
i want to speak to you , in private .	i want to talk to you .	1
samuel ibn tibbon	alexander healed , so i finally have time to write to you .	0
oh , all right , i 'll pull it down .	all right , i 'll bring it down .	1
fuck them !	fuck no !	1
that schedule makes the cd ’ s current session crucial to its future .	that 's enough , it hurts !	0
now you 're talking .	the use of biocidal products covers all areas of everyday life .	0
yeah , but why would you want to fuck up their relationship ?	as a reward for your kindness and advice you gave her last night .	0
maybe you were first on the scene , tom . and you rendered the aid to washington .	i do n't know what you want to do .	0
strange how things work out .	weird things happened .	1
library , the park , her sister 's .	tell us about the fireball from sullus .	0
you think it 's comfortable to run around with such a large tail ?	she can take care of herself .	0
i guess you guys could come too if you wanted .	you violated our agreement .	0
you 'd better do something about chum .	you have something to do with chum .	1
i found that .	i found them !	1
( 4 ) see decision of the hs committee , october 1999 ( oriental sweet and sour sauce ) .	it 's a couple of grand from a vacation fund .	0
when i was nine years old , a woman was murdered in front of my eyes .	and when he came home , he wrote her a letter .	0
you 've got to stop suffering like this .	you must n't suffer like this .	1
i 'm a fan . but i ca n't collaborate with you if you 're not a fan of mine .	but you 're not my fan .	1
all the wicked deeds he did .	he was just fine .	0
`` it is a petty feeling , no doubt , but it hurts my pride .	was n't enough yesterday ?	0
no , i was n't .	no .	1
see , nobody 's ever escaped from laurel . but half a dozen have from here in just the past decade .	no one 's yet found out about laurel , but six people have escaped in the last ten years .	1
you just said that i can control my own anger on my own .	i 'm not sleeping anymore .	0
saying this is part of a larger investigation scheduled to ramp up across the state .	it 's part of a larger investigation planned across the state .	1
come on . milo : i ca n't believe you bought a fucking dog !	then we 'll make sure he does n't .	0
always thought it was dying in a plane crash .	you know , bobo , i always thought i 'd die in an airplane accident .	1
unless they 're not our boys .	one such evidence was there directly with me on the roof , in an outline of a bumbling , winless , winless ehrig .	0
there 's lots more , if youre not too tired .	there 's still a lot to do if you 're not tired .	1
( laughs ) my hero .	i 'm sorry , shawn , but we have work to do .	0
they found the murdered guy 's bmw , out of gas in santa monica .	they found the bmw of that murdered with an empty tank in santa monica .	1
we got a little , uh ... thing going on with the traders , but , uh ... that 's not a problem .	with my recommendation ... you 'll have a great chance of getting the job done .	0
you had the thing going down , the kelly robinson ...	you threw that thing down , kelly robinson .	1
uh ... if you could not solve this case before i interview a few more models , you know ...	uh ... if you could hang on to the case before i hear a few more models , you know ...	1
in death as well as in life . '	no kids , no investments , no pension fund .	0
which i actually did for a while , back in the '80s , to make some money .	the fatigue and sense of defeat emanating now is not to be faked .	0
for good quota management the landings reporting system must be effective and must include automatic crosschecking so that quota overruns can be avoided and inconsistencies can be detected .	the proper management of quotas requires an effective reporting system to be effective and include automatic cross-checks in order to avoid exceeding quotas and detect irregularities .	1
all done . go on .	it 's done . keep going .	1
all right , bud , we got to get out of here… now !	okay , buddy , we have to get out of here .	1
it is , but first , i have to hold up my end of the deal .	the cells are moving a metre up and down and beneath the concrete , the bars itself ...	0
one response to competition is to produce enormous numbers of offspring .	`` jin-si .	0
what possible reasoncould you have to be angry at me ?	for heaven 's sake , do n't leave me in the hands of this charlatan .	0
he 's not dead , only stunned .	he 's not dead .	1
your siblings come first , even -- even if you decide that you want your life back at some point .	are you all right , my friend ?	0
and the pot looks eastern .	and the tea kettle seems to be from the east .	1
the cooperation resources are therefore allocated to sustainable development .	i think so , but it 's different for everyone .	0
maybe she 's confused , or she has the jitters .	maybe she 's confused or nervous .	1
dancing .	yes , but first i have to keep my end of the bargain .	0
technically they did .	technically , yes .	1
you ever see a goat bleed from the neck ?	my mother was a teacher .	0
`` not necessarily .	`` not always .	1
yeah , that 's good .	yeah , it 's okay .	1
it 's called middlesex .	i ca n't believe i 'm in a charming world of showbiz business .	0
how do you go about answering an ad ?	how did you respond to an ad ?	1
i do n't want to hear your voice !	the formalities and official documents will be delivered to you tomorrow .	0
he would like to receive it prior to his coronation , in six weeks ' time . ''	one bomb .	0
`` yes , soon .	once they spin , it 's impossible to stop it .	0
“ truth wears many faces , scragger , ” struan said .	writing cue / bin image	0
tandem skydiving	eight hours is perfect for me .	0
now , what do you plan on doing when you get to us soil ?	what 's your plan when you get to american soil ?	1
'think , for god 's sake !	lift your head ... ... wash your eye shadow .	0
sleep if you want to , but do n't feel compelled .	sleep if you want , but do n't make fun .	1
it 's 4 o'clock in the morning , i should imagine you would	the only explanation is she was cheating on me with someone like this .	0
next day , my kidneys start to work .	i feel like ... no worries .	0
i 'm trying to stay on top of things .	i 'm just trying to stay over things .	1
michael , jack wootton . how do you do ?	mr. younger , i want to ask you a few questions .	0
nimrod wants us to take a trip to south america .	nimrod and i want to go to south america .	1
you get stomach pain or signs of indigestion such as nausea , fullness , bloating especially after food intake .	these key elements were published on the emea website ( doc . : emea / chmp / 343456 / 2005 ) .	0
so how do you know where 'll we 're going ?	he 's from cobol engineering .	0
and then he can be the sweetest guy in the world .	i worked hard to tell you .	0
i was out .	let him keep his gun .	0
( pipe down , boss .	( simmer down , boss .	1
ow ! - do n't take my stuff without asking , you turd !	do n't take my shit out of my shit , you shit !	1
let 's do gsm , all right ?	feel it ?	0
they were people .	sitting on the couch , making phone calls about a television series , and he 's based on a youtube clip .	0
he let the flimsies fall , raised the empty bottle , frowned , and held it like a chalice .	he let the papers fall to the ground , raised an empty bottle , frowned , holding it in front of him like a meaty goblet .	1
i 'll open the door for you . ''	just go , i 'll open the door for you. ``	1
not his abdomen , in his neck.a carotidbody tumor causes trouble swallowing . food presses against the vagus nerve , and causes the fainting .	nádorv 's body causes difficulty in swallowing . the food is compressed against a delirious nerve and causes fainting .	1
fair katherine , if you will love me soundly with your french heart , glad to hear you confess it brokenly with your english	mom .	0
normally you ’ re strangled if the drop isn ’ t long enough .	i 'm not a prophet , but i know our people will keep moving , all together , together .	0
hey , you know what i was thinking , actually ? - what ?	you know what i was thinking ?	1
especially when your adviser 's crazy ?	what if i 'm petrified and what 's left of my little high school life ?	0
because he is willing to stake his last breath ... on something that is more than nothing .	you 're in a good mood .	0
`` well , there 's black dick , the turfite .	i waited , but then i thought he would n't answer , and he took the suitcase from the corner .	0
discard any diseased fish .	all diseased fish are exchanged .	1
well , well , what about the girl ?	i just washed up .	0
`` have you any objection to my looking at your register ? '' said holmes .	`` do you have anything against me to look at your book of hosts ? '' said holmes .	1
what are you saying ?	we ask forgiveness .	0
i mean , think about it -- all the girls who were murdered , were n't they found hanging from belts ?	i mean ... think about ... all the girls who were murdered were n't found hanging on the noose ?	1
by the ancient laws of sakaar , i challenge you to fair and even combat .	according to the old testament of sakaar , i challenge you to a fair and equal battle .	1
get off of him !	i 'll go down with you .	0
so is carter .	carter 's here too .	1
b – principally , the third ground of appeal , based on a misinterpretation of article 7 ( 2 ) of regulation no 1049/2001 1 .	mr. hagen told me no one knows where he will be. ``	0
how can this all be project deathlok ? 1990 ?	i look forward to meeting you , moira .	0
now , wait a minute .	hang on .	1
it 's the asymmetrical sennah knot , a persian knot specifically used finer rugs .	how does it go ?	0
do the westgate woods near the b.c . campus mean anything to you ?	are there any important woods for you in westgate near the campus ?	1
we'il make it .	we'il do that .	1
honey , come on , over here .	honey , no , come here .	1
and i love that we just had to keep having sex with each other , even when we were dating other people .	the ducts are tubes made of cardboard , which are made mainly from recycled paper .	0
and , you know , he was like , the king .	do you wonder why we keep such a rare treasure under lock in our deepest treasury ? ``	0
we missed you . hi !	and yet i 'm always haunted .	0
more than usual ?	he could try to run around me , using his speed , but he could n't .	0
so , is this a peace negotiation ?	this is a truce negotiation ?	1
ln your banana leaf painting with a few strokes , you captured the fullness of the leaf and the emptiness of the stalk .	in the malba banana list , you 've picked up a few moves by the perfection of the leaf and the emptiness of the stalk .	1
i want to live in the moment .	everything worked out for you .	0
this school is the exact same spot .	this school is exactly his place .	1
5 bucks he 's on for 2 hours .	i 'll bet you five bucks to call in two hours .	1
they were grim men , hard-eyed and wary , their faces sharp , their eyes stern .	if this is not achieved , social , environmental , and economic costs will rise in the long term .	0
it 's not a contest .	it 's not a race .	1
jake salomon gave a sigh that was almost a groan .	jake salomon sighed , so it was almost a groan .	1
`` hello . ''	`` hello ! '' she told him .	1
the passport shall immediately be passed to the new owner .	the passport must be forwarded immediately to the new responsible person .	1
i forget the exact translation , but it 's something to do with refraining from violence .	i 've forgotten the exact translation , but it 's a little late for violence .	1
that 's where we take all the intellilink panels and we rip them off the walls and we burn them .	but i have a younger brother , and he really had problems with math .	0
say whatever you wanted about stoke jones , you could depend on him to put a little fuck-you into your day .	you can call for stokes jones what you want , but if you needed a bit of ruin the day , you could have relied on him .	1
broadly , yes .	in broad terms , yes .	1
where 's my boutique ?	yeah , but there should have been two .	0
auntie b'lou gave me the same examination she gave alice and doris ... and i missed only one question . '	aunt b'lou gave me the same testing as alice and doris ... and i only failed one question. ``	1
both gariapha and wiocca were waiting in the doorway , their faces full of worry .	it 's good to see you too .	0
that guy took my phone !	you can barely stand !	0
maybe somebody needs to tell him .	it 's saxon .	0
· collection and use of expertise scientific/expertise domains concerned 24 .	what do you mean , wizard ?	0
maybe all i needed to do was unload .	maybe everything i needed was to lighten up .	1
he found the viewing room . and all the doctors were talking about you .	`` the doctors are just people , too .	0
i 'm good at voices ... you 're even better , so we'il read it out after dinner .	it 's profitable for everyone .	0
well , uh , i realize now that i was content to hit my targets rather than exceed them .	well , uh , i realized i was content with reaching my goals instead of trying to get over them .	1
i 'd like to leave this .	i 'll get him done .	0
at this point , susan calvin entered and slammed the door behind her .	you blame him for being with another woman .	0
there is nothing to fix ! - oh , come on .	`` x '' plus the square root of minus 2 .	0
you should rest . just be grateful you 're alive .	louis , you know what you just did ?	0
think i 'm doing this 'cause you 're drinking ?	as the winds come and go , it buys sand into the large dunes .	0
look , i ca n't imagine how hard this is for you , asking you to relive everything , having to grieve all over again .	is it crazy to buy that land ?	0
'and that is what is troubling you ? '	he thought about it because he had a habit of considering what eluded him .	0
the further along the food chain the food is wasted , the more resources are wasted .	the further in the food chain to waste , the more resources will come in .	1
but were these the right two for his one ?	and the meat of your daughter 's fangs .	0
well , he did n't take it badly .	tomas jordan was startled and battered , but otherwise nothing happened to him .	0
i made her up .	it 's not much , but i like it .	0
we lunch now or will dad visit his girlfriend ?	and in turn , i 'm a mentor to the young brain .	0
0nly that he 's a broadway sharpie , a gambler .	the old paleontologist nodded .	0
why do n't you o.d . me ... or push me down the stairs or something ?	i 've heard some ridiculous bays , but no one has yet complained .	0
i 'm not gon na take mission .	i 'm not going after mission .	1
there was also a gold star over one shirt pocket that denoted command at sea .	i picked the right way .	0
if you ca n't give it to me , go home or maintain a vigil at the hotel .	if you ca n't provide it , go home or take the night watch at the hotel .	1
you 've taken far enough , madrid .	you 've gone too far , madrid .	1
not eating ?	why are n't you eating ?	1
the most common noncontagious one is periodontal disease , such as gingivitis , or inflammation of the gums .	the most common disease is not infectious to disease , such as gingivitis , such as gingivitis .	1
we do as well .	sure , but i did n't let you steal the car .	0
that could n't have come easy to him , but he knew what she meant to the captain — well , to quite a few of us .	it 's time to bring heavy equipment .	0
she 's tried to kill me , god damn it .	she tried to kill me !	1
i was having a smoke , and i saw a bellboy take his jacket off and throw it in the dumpster , then go back inside .	i just had a break for a cigarette and he saw a hotel messenger throwing his jacket into a garbage truck and going back .	1
he 's gone the same way .	and he went the same way .	1
i 'm the first one to say that .	the member state or the governing body shall assess this trade plan and monitor its implementation or shall be responsible for these activities .	0
wh -- sam said you might be reluctant to help .	`` tasslehoff turned into a dragon , and i 'm a little confused .	0
22 | automatic circuit breakers , for a voltage < = 1 000 v	raise your hands above your head , you 're under arrest !	0
there may be a concern for christmas .	there could be a problem with christmas .	1
that 's spanish for `` yards '' .	they 're spanish yards .	1
mom ! dingtian , did you betray those people ?	can you repeat it all ? ``	0
i put the credit card down . so , obviously , i paid for it .	you 've lived like this all your life .	0
so , not a good time to talk , then .	so it 's not a good time to talk .	1
the paramedic i came in with ... do you have eyes on him ?	the paramedic i came in with , can you find him ?	1
ooh ! i do n't know ...	i do n't know ...	1
there 's been a complaint lodged against you with internal affairs .	why did they call you off the case ?	0
maybe i will write a screenplay about a washed-up writer who goes to teach at an out-of-the-way university .	i might write a script about a burned-out writer going to college in the middle of nowhere .	1
`` you 're frigid in a freudian sense , '' which completely confused her , the poor woman .	qa : qa	0
i got ta have a place to sleep .	i need some sleep .	1
are you going ?	she deserves better .	0
all right ...	all right .	1
holding the man 's wrists , kearton told him :	kearton grabbed both his wrists and said :	1
adds a table to the view	adds a new table to the point of view .	1
then this was not dissociative reaction .	so this was n't a dissociative reaction ?	1
`` excellent life '' .	we hand over your words to the forces of the community .	0
who 's going to come and kill everyone ? the others .	he 's a broadway gambler .	0
this is you , tryin ' to make the past be everything , mean everything .	it 's about you trying to make the past be everything .	1
no , no , dad , th-that 's a chilled salad fork .	no , father , it 's a baby salad fork .	1
master ip is going , i am going	if master ip goes , i 'll go too .	1
looks like it saved you .	it 's like she saved your life .	1
sir , 12 teams of two have been armed and are searching top to bottom .	he slipped a sigh and a helpless hiss from his lips .	0
we do that again .	again .	1
i think we may have come up with - a peaceful resolution .	my mr. saruman , we must hunt him down and destroy him once and for all .	0
do you think she made her imagination run away ?	there are jewels you did n't know about .	0
do n't tryand diagnose me , verona .	do n't try to diagnose me , verono .	1
the twins elected to walk on east while meade and hazel returned at once to the ship buster was getting restless .	the pair took a walk east , while meade and hazel returned immediately to the ship .	1
as we embark on the new millennium we must ask ourselves this ;	oh , yeah .	0
you know what 's good for you , you cooperate with us .	danny !	0
yeah ? - you think it was a coincidence that i just so happened to adopt the savior 's son ?	you think it was just a coincidence that i adopted my son protectionist ?	1
using it for our football team after the world cup .	our football team is there .	1
as he came through the door , darlene asked how the meeting with the doctor had gone .	as he stepped into the doorway , darlene asked how a doctor 's appointment had taken place .	1
engulfed in scented cloth and the sharp edges of gemstone decorations , the infant squirmed but did not cry .	`` i 'm here , '' her voice heard .	0
it 's got gyroscopes , compressed air chambers but all those things , they 're only to make it go , right ?	it 's like old times .	0
alfy ground out his cigarette impatiently .	two years had passed since the encounter , and there was no day for the pain to be tolerable .	0
you have ten minutes , nigel , the don 's a real stickler for protocol and a real hothead when crossed .	you have ten minutes , nigel , don is a real punter about what the protocol is about , and it is really cholera when it breaches .	1
he gestured to the screens , which , keel reminded himself , somehow had islander lives balancing on them .	he pointed to the screens on which keel recalled , somehow balancing the lives of the islanders .	1
we 'll get you enrolled in some biofeedback program .	listen carefully , because i wo n't repeat it .	0
did n't i teach you not to rush your elders ?	normally .	0
nothing else	and nothing else .	1
ambulance is coming .	the ambulance is on the way .	1
with piotr it was different . he understood me .	it was different with piotro because he understood me .	1
where have i come from ?	stewie !	0
lost in a place where man had not as yet appeared and would not appear for millions of years .	lost in places where a man has n't turned up yet , and he wo n't show up for millions of years .	1
i do n't think we can make that .	she 'll never know .	0
i was involved , deeply involved , in a deception .	i participated , largely involved in one fraud .	1
he managed to take out me male , but not before the female had struck the alarm button .	he managed to match the man , but not before the woman pressed the alarm .	1
perhaps one day i shall too .	maybe i 'll trust him one day .	1
`` but if one was going , the others might as well come along , too , '' so nobody could talk behind anybody 's back .	shields , take us out .	0
there you go . assaulting an officer with a deadly weapon .	he attacked an officer with a deadly weapon .	1
i wish i could go to bible study with you some time .	sometimes i want to go to the bible study with you .	1
`` the curse of the lord is in the house of the wicked , `` but he blesses the habitation of the just. ``	windows media player did not create a playlist .	0
do you really believe , mr. nobley , that you can know the worth of a person at a glance ?	do you really believe , mr. nobley , you can judge the value of a man at first sight ?	1
one of his fellow inmates might kill him ; if not , he was almost certain to kill one of them .	you need downstairs ?	0
just , er ... do n't stop it once it 's started , will you ? .	just , uh ... do n't stop it while you 're playing , okay ?	1
the system 's draining him .	the system is draining energy from him .	1
sometimes , other people do n't feel real to you .	sometimes the other people do n't seem real .	1
who believed in the talking dog when none of us did ?	it also said the circular , which is scheduled to replace the circular from may 19 , 2005 , is just being completed .	0
who says he ca n't ?	he wanted something else ?	0
do explain . i have been to the isla de muerta . i have seen the treasure myself .	i was at isla de muerta and i saw the treasure .	1
unless you my idea the spectacle of the teacher for help .	when you help me with my idea , to help the teacher with the introductions ...	1
now it 's nocenti 's daughter who 's the problem .	but now the problem has become nocentima 's daughter .	1
hey , look , it 's the cops .	hey , cops .	1
yeah , `` hai . ''	shall we share ?	0
we don ’ t have that short a memory , ” a taxi driver told me when i asked whether he would vote for shafiq .	but not classically blue , more ...	0
in the past i did a lot things in many places .	death is like that .	0
i really , really , really want to take off right now , but my friends and i are in an investigation of sorts . an investigation ?	he 's fucking weird , in my opinion .	0
enter location ( uri ) :	7 sedgewick sexton savaged the intimacy of her long limousine , which was lazily moving her way through the midday washington commute to the senator 's office .	0
that meant the village was well-to-do .	it meant the village was very well .	1
i checked my balance . it 's looking deficient .	i checked the balance in charge .	1
mr. forrester , i 'm sure i speak on behalf of everyone in thanking you for this visit .	it is necessary to set out procedures for the application of certain provisions of the agreement .	0
and miss shane please cover your bosoms .	the profiles for subsonic speeds have a characteristic shape with a rounded plateau , finished with a sharp tip-off edge , and often with a window	0
so what happens if you apply both heat and pressure ?	and what happens to her in the act of heat and pressure ?	1
seldon was again painfully and regretfully conscious of his ignorance of history .	therefore , it was not confined to the question of whether the transmission of the documents in question had an effect on the content of the final decision .	0
he spent weeks up to his knees in the slimy mudflats where ropes and stakes marked out fertile shellfish beds .	i 'm going to the hospital .	0
the tie 's nonnegotiable .	the tie is done .	1
whom else would i mean ?	who else could i think ?	1
you are sitting there because you are the only possible reason ... why i am here doing this .	listen , you 're sitting here because you 're the only reason i 'm doing what i 'm doing .	1
if that is indeed what you are .	if you truly are .	1
i 'd marry jack in a heartbeat .	and forget the spitting clubs .	0
but in order to move forward , you need to sign , too .	i 'll try to send you the pictures .	0
where have you been ? - just out .	it was one of the most ingenious methods to enter the house .	0
he tried to patch her with fish skin , with wax ... with any substance which he thought resembled human flesh .	he was testing patches of fish skin , from wax ... of a mass that would resemble human skin .	1
i 'm no grown-up , but i 'm pretty sure that 's less than appealing .	maybe the nuclear weapons codes , the truth about the moon landing , that roswell did n't exist ,	0
but i do n't agree . - oh , no .	but i disagree .	1
well , i did .	now i 'll have my bet .	0
or does he do what his people expect him to do ?	according to dr kieran , the public in all three states supports reconciliation .	0
`` that i will consider his generous offer .	`` i consider his great offer .	1
her work , my work , is no concern of yours .	her job is my job , and it 's none of your business .	1
the first dozen attempts failed .	he hangs naked for his feet on piazza del duomo , a body shot , tongue nailed to the forehead .	0
older people ( 65 years )	elderly patients (  65 years )	1
lot of luck , pal .	good luck .	1
how much further to the ken --	are those glasses ?	0
their ability to make money for other people .	thanks to the presence of the lake , there are small differences between night and day temperature .	0
now go and make some good memories together .	come on , who 's taking this ?	0
you 're still pissed about the theta spring formal ? uh , yeah , you mean the one where you broke my nose .	but by law they are emily 's parents radcliffe .	0
relax , gerda .	the next day , the kidneys started .	0
where the hell 's a spot ? where 's a spot ?	where the hell is he ?	1
and you can die knowing that the last man inside of me was archer .	you were gon na say in heaven , and you 're gon na die with the idea that archer was the last guy to fuck me .	1
the only thing that these boys shared in common with ... was that they all had a crush on the honor student in the class	the only thing these guys ever had in common ... ... was a crush on the honor student of their class .	1
`` you forget that i 'm used to being poisoned , belgarion .	reinforcements have arrived from the home of retirees in conifery .	0
why do n't you try making me ?	why do n't you guarantee me ?	1
fuck me in the beard .	that 's what i thought .	0
the keeper or his representative shall be given the opportunity to sign the report and , as appropriate , to give his observations on its content .	the breeder or his representative should be able to sign the report and , where appropriate , comment on the content of the report .	1
stop !	it will be beautiful .	0
i 've got all the tapes .	i have everything on tape .	1
and now ... they love knowing that i 'm in therapy .	and now ... they 're thrilled to know i 'm in therapy .	1
this would circumvent the conditions of , e.g. , article 9 ( 1 ) of the directive .	this could result in the adoption of the conditions laid down in article 9 ( 1 ) of the directive , for example .	1
( simon ) 'whatever happened before , i 'm not dangerous .	whatever happened before , i 'm not dangerous .	1
well , you care , do n't you ?	you have a visitor , sheriff .	0
oh ! you two are n't ...	oh , you two are ...	1
what about the moaning ?	what about the noises ?	1
the oplock was n't granted .	the oplock was n't found .	1
oh smaug , the stupendous . do you think flattery will keep you alive ?	i need dr. breeland to be a populist meryl streep for my eyed anne hathaway , so he eventually won his respect .	0
all right kids , for your homework tonight i want you all to read chapters seven ...	i want you to read chapter seven for your homework .	1
and the d.a. , he was about this close to filing murder charges on you , ms. langdon .	so he 's alive , you swear ?	0
sure , you .	well , i 've been thinking about this after tonight my departure has nothing to do with tonight .	0
no ... no i ... no idea .	no , i have nothing .	1
i 'm alone on this .	i 'm on my own .	1
pretty amy , who was so bright and vivacious where harold was just abrasive .	pretty amy , who was so bright and cheerful , while harold was simply blunt .	1
or is it ?	or not ?	1
and joe thinks that this thing could be what 's powering the dome ?	and does joe think this thing could be a generator for the dome ?	1
okay , okay , hold on .	all right , hold up .	1
i want you all to step up here , take deep breaths and swim along that rope .	but you ca n't save lives if you do n't get a little carried away .	0
it means there have been other killings and it ai n't the last .	make it look like they 've got smaller hands !	0
maybe i should add some more nuggets .	i should probably add more nukes .	1
is she really tough or what ?	where 's the computer ?	0
and i was always jealous because i did n't have mine .	you would n't .	0
the residents of the fairview county jail looked forward to every tuesday .	is anyone following her ?	0
all we want to do is help rebecca .	with a pool and a slide	0
take lindsayfor your protection , blue .	yeah , take lindsey as protection , blue .	1
you 're going to do a murder .	so , you 're gon na commit murder .	1
if i lived next to jellystone park , i 'd have a bear suit and a pic-a-nic basket .	`` we do n't know how much he 'll get for us , and if we 're dead , no one is going to pay him .	0
cam , who cares which one of us he has a crush on ?	all right .	0
but i 'm not getting any younger , you know .	but i 'm not a young man either , as you can see .	1
it 's that you ca n't care about anybody and do what you do .	you do n't care . you do n't care about anyone .	1
on the basis of relevant origin , the most distinctive organoleptic characteristics are as follows : a )	i knew you would n't leave tess alone .	0
we 're talking about a child , an environment ...	what do you do when there 's ice , you call the cops ?	0
really . like , that 's gon na be the last thing i hear ?	why do you have to be like that ?	0
the siren . everyone you love will perish .	well , either a comma or a colon .	0
presentation of the accounts …	did you see that ?	0
can you tell me anything good about your parents ?	anything good on your parents ?	1
the agent key-phrase is , it looks like it 's going to rain .	everyone calls me that .	0
you have a visitor , sheriff . is it rita hayworth ?	you got what you want ?	0
time to play with house money !	'there must be another way to go , 'said mace .	0
this type is a sub-type of surfacewater .	this type is subtype of surfacewater .	1
'you were so forlorn , gaelen .	'you have been so lost , gaelen .	1
burton gasped , shoved his chair back , and rose to face the man who had spoken .	burton yelped , shoved off his chair and hurled himself to look at the speaker .	1
ai big bear is challenging ai tim to a fight .	big bear calls on ai tim to fight .	1
i consider myself a hospitable man , hank , but my hospitality has its limits .	but my hospitality has its limits .	1
well , maybe it 's all for the best .	maybe it 's better .	1
put down your weapon down on the floor .	add to the pace , cadet neff !	0
i was right ... mimiko , you 've been doing this .	i was right , mimiko . it 's what you do .	1
you need to tell me , anyway .	you 're damn right it is , motherfucker !	0
for the purposes of this article , 'debt finance ' means	in the clinical trial of p01522 , improvements in signs and symptoms were also observed for 2 weeks .	0
in the room were furnishings that until recently were unknown in oldorando–oval tables , sofas , sideboards , rich woven rugs hanging on the walls .	the room was furnished with furniture , until recently , in oldorando , unknown - round tables , couches , loaded cabinets , richly decorated mats .	1
come home and visit , and just come and talk to dad .	we 've gotten through a lot of doors for our lives .	0
the ambassador 's distaste carried over the telephone .	even by the phone , the ambassador 's disgust was evident .	1
oh , it would spoil things if you should give me anything .	can you call it again ?	0
i had ... no idea there was so many of them .	this is not what we agreed .	0
but if you could maybe just go ten percent less shrill , that 'd really put the zip-a-dee in my doo-dah .	'damn hat-tricks ! 'said ellud , after a moment 's thought .	0
i think i was , but it 's different for every one .	this is reuben .	0
a manhattan .	manhattan ...	1
so listen , um , i wanted to apologize again for snapping at you before .	the vortex faded , and orb saw the boat .	0
nobody owns joey but joey .	joey belongs to joey .	1
barf bag ! - man , what you doin ' ? !	barf bag !	1
bilateral safeguard clause in the eu-korea free trade agreement ***i ( final vote )	bilateral safeguard clause of the eu-korea free trade agreement * * * i ( final vote )	1
all right ... come on in .	come on .	1
yes , i recognize it .	is it time for you to finish your work today ? '	0
i walked away across the snow .	i left the snow .	1
jules : we happy ?	and that 's how i became a spruce , i swear to god .	0
you 're indebted to me .	you 're indebted to me , are n't you ?	1
who is edna w. ? hello ?	all right , hang up the tapes in the last month and start with that .	0
the “ alliance of the periphery ” was a creative attempt to escape the consequences of the arab-israeli conflict .	`` no tales , my lady , because they live forever .	0
tomorrow he 'll be at victor 's service .	he 'll be at victory 's funeral tomorrow .	1
machines which can carry out different types of machining operations without tool change between such operations :	`` and why should n't it be met ?	0
desperately , lalo ransacked his memory for visions of the beauty of the gods .	lalo searched desperately for the images of the beauty of the gods .	1
simply put , keynes believed that we can not all cut our way to growth at the same time .	simply put , keynes was convinced that by cutting growth , we ca n't all of us all at once .	1
then i left ... knowing that you would forget everything about me .	linda sinclair .	0
if it ever had a face or parents , you ca n't wear it .	come and sit down .	0
i saw the color last time i looked .	i noticed the colors when i watched .	1
come on , man . you got to battle !	henry , i ca n't hear you .	0
we can not force you to take this great risk	we ca n't force you to take any chances .	1
what 's that mean , my bones are breaking ?	is that what cracks my bones ?	1
it 's my sweet spot .	what about the `` heights of positivity '' ?	0
we will both go to the exhibition .	we 'll both go to the show .	1
'where is this captain of the engineers ? '	she glanced at him .	0
if that 's the case , you 'll be out of here by tonight .	in that case , you 'll be home by evening .	1
applications concerning actions listed in article 4 of decision 2004/465/ec may qualify for community funding .	and the investigator was this close to a murder charge , ms. langdon .	0
we ’ il eat soon .	then we eat .	1
i 'm not secretive . no , it 's just my private life .	no , it 's just my personal life .	1
you detest violence .	you hate violence .	1
or never being silent ?	or they never shut up ?	1
and ... and my mom killed herself by jumping into a well .	do you want to get something to drink ?	0
under communism i had good paying job with pension , nice house and maid ...	under communism , i had a well-paid job , a pension , a nice house and a maid .	1
prisoner irwin 's in his cell .	vera irwin is in his cell .	1
yeah , they all get coffee here on a pretty regular basis .	source : data supplied by the monitoring centre .	0
look , you ca n't have everything your own way .	you ca n't have everything on your own .	1
`` i see the approach of dear friends .	`` i see that my dear friends are arriving for us .	1
i 'd sizzle up like a sausage .	i would have roasted myself as a sausage .	1
and that 's the crazy part and we have to admit that that 's true-unless we are the crazy ones .	that 's the craziness we have to take as a fact-if you and i are not crazy .	1
let go of me , you bastard !	you bastard !	1
i ca n't exactly spread it around what i 've done .	i ca n't say what i really did .	1
i know it 's not quite what you told me , but ... but it 's all i could get together .	i know it 's not as much as you said , but ... it 's all i put together .	1
i think it 's getting better .	one thing you should learn in life .	0
he 'd thrive and sire generations of fine hunter-gatherers , if an age of innocence really was at hand .	it has a heart of pure gold .	0
you hooked up with someone from the band ?	did you get someone from the band ?	1
had that promise not been valuable , there would have been no need for those applicants to participate in the cartel .	if such a promise were of no value , it would not be necessary for the applicant to participate in the cartel .	1
training :	training	1
so , i spoke with the special agent in charge , and he spoke with the u.s. attorney .	this is n't your job ?	0
i like quiche .	i like it .	1
i ai n't playing either !	i do n't either .	1
more than 30 .	so we went in and we prepared for the ride according to my instructions in the east wing .	0
hold on , hold on , hold on .	hang on .	1
i used to sit on daddy 's lap and he would read me those stories full of their vengeful gods and wondrous miraculous creatures .	`` and i know if you were in my position , i 'm sure you would n't like it , switching parking fees . ''	0
ok , thank you	all right , thanks .	1
i found jackson passed out in the alley .	high-voltage , state-of-the-art destructive power .	0
the good news is that we 're actually born smiling .	the good news is that we 're born with a smile on our lips .	1
( woman laughs ) you ever noticed how people only lash out on others because they 're afraid of what they see because they see themselves ?	i do n't remember that much in the past .	0
we 're on a marathon mission .	yes , yuri understands my hobbies .	0
`` let them sit for a while , or hang themselves . ''	honestly , boy , i 'm really surprised you 're still breathing .	0
it was nice , thanks .	it was nice .	1
i mentioned it to a couple of people at the station . –where were you attacked ? –in the parking lot of my restaurant .	i 'd like to use this time to make a toast .	0
yeah , of course we do .	of course .	1
i was really out .	i really did .	1
god 's fool - irma rausch boriska - nikolai burlyaev	when he saw that he was fleeing , he stabbed himself hard to the left and struck the dazed and beaten goblin squarely in the face .	0
it ’ s not that bad as in slagelsi in 1992 .	it 's not as bad as in slagels in '92 .	1
i 'm not signing that , because he 's not my son !	now my little friend is starting .	0
returns a character string that indicates the number format .	you were just running away from reality .	0
`` what about your head ? ''	they will say , `` what about the head ? ''	1
yes , well , the masterpieces of the louvre ... ... do n't compare to the simple pleasures of the kebab .	because my fellow stanley and i understand what is at stake .	0
no , no . it 's not too late at all .	it 's not too late .	1
“ any other captain would—but whoever arranged to put you aboard , must ’ ve known about captain van hoek ’ s feelings concerning pirates .	`` any other captain would have done it - but whoever sent you aboard this ship must have known how captain van hoek was to face the pirates .	1
but i tell you all today i would rather die a man ... ... than live for all eternity as a machine .	what 's he gon na do next ?	0
glad i do n't have to again .	i 'm glad i do n't have to .	1
she faced the commander again .	she looked at the commandant again .	1
normally , an adr scheme in the country of a financial services provider is competent to deal with consumers ' complaints .	yeah , every english department has one ... full of charm and promise .	0
resistence is futile . ... we came to free your country from jews and bolsheviks .	keep an eye on dr .	0
the klingon empire is dying .	the klingon empire chimed in .	1
yeah . why , thank you , honey .	where are they ?	0
and with everything that 's going on , i do n't want to lose sight of that .	she says she 's more than 100 years old .	0
oh , you do n't have to do that .	you do n't have to .	1
just turn the ms upside down and send them down here !	turn mok upside down and send them over !	1
you retweeted one of my comments .	you 've extended one of my comments .	1
this place is a real cock-sucking mess .	well , the eyes pick up the information that is then processed in the brain .	0
sure , um , and if it 's okay with you , he can stay at my place .	double face !	0
i ca n't do that . i ca n't act as if nothing happened .	snow vacation !	0
you 're awfully isolated how you live .	you could do it . it seems to me that you have evaporated . you 're awfully isolated when you live like this .	1
passed the car chase .	under a gruff exterior , you 're naivety .	0
so we 're doing an emergency thrombectomy ? yep .	so we 're making an emergency removal of the clot ?	1
he pressed the nozzle as the man with the zany hair thrust his knife forward .	he pressed the spray hat on the same instant that the man with the tousled was holding out his knife .	1
i only meant to distract him-i did n't think he 'd take it .	i just wanted to distract him - i did n't think he was going to take it .	1
`` a big store , '' carlos said .	`` big deal , '' carlos said .	1
eventually there began to be a hole in space , small at first , that grew and ate the stars .	suddenly there was a hole in the area , initially small , but gradually rising and eating the rest of the stars .	1
platt , is it ?	i guess i 'll see you around , musician .	0
hey there . what can i get for ya ?	28 tuesday , 8.36 a.m. madrid , spain maria followed the captain into the corridor , convinced that it would lead her to amadori .	0
go check your office .	look in your office .	1
mother : she said that she saw a man in her bedroom .	other kuwait oil and its fractions suren oil for technical or industrial purposes other than for the production of foodstuffs for human consumption ( 71 )	0
i suppose you think it was funny .	seems funny to you .	1
you should continue to use appropriate precautions to prevent this .	you have to continue with the relevant security measures to prevent this .	1
`` happiness is a golden poem. `` what ?	hey , dad !	0
did you notice i was outside the marshals ' new york office ? that i did .	did you notice i was in front of the marshals ' office ?	1
it 's about a recording , sir , if leaked , could significantly compromise national security .	i 'd love to , aunt , but ...	0
at last you 're starting to tell the truth .	there were a number of benches on which several hundred men could settle , but only two , seldon and dors were present .	0
this represents the maximum quantity of discharged substances to be expected .	this represents the maximum expected amount of discharges .	1
explanation see paragraph 11 of the opinion .	reason see point 11 of the opinion .	1
okay , well , how- how do you know this girl ?	how do you know this girl ?	1
do you mind if i borrow this ?	can i borrow this ?	1
nobody cares who 's in the limo .	the airport was hit by cho ming .	0
you call him vic ?	you call him vicky ?	1
|| 24 01 06 00 ( the global envelop )	| | 24 01 06 00 ( of the total envelope )	1
`` i 'm here , '' mara 's voice came .	we 'll find giles , he 'll know what to do .	0
he held up his beer ... he looked at the mountain that he loves , and he said , `` do n't go changin ' . ''	he picked up the beer , looked up at the mountain , and said , `` stay the same . ''	1
now the real work begins . my little fellow .	those that are dominant in our behavior can be traced back to groups of genes , and these gene groups interact with each other and our environment .	0
furthermore , premises specially designed for interviews with victims may not be available due , for example , to renovation .	floating oval	0
prepare dinner for him .	if he 's not hiding anything , he can open it .	0
the swirl eased , and orb was able to see the boat .	i 've always had a sense that your relatives ... ... are n't too happy with our marriage .	0
i 'll find out where she 's from and get them to back off .	i 'll find out where it is from and i 'll make sure they hold back .	1
this is your real gift .	this is the real present .	1
and i 'm gon na make my choice as i always do , at random .	and as always , i choose at random .	1
( 6 ) oj l 187 , 16.7.2002 , p. 25 . ( 7 ) oj l 229 , 9.9.2000 , p .	she learned how to speak to the living , understanding their overshadowed existence ; understanding their obsessive desire to submit .	0
she was just stopping by .	she just stopped by .	1
`` lift up your head `` wash off your mascara	`` you are now completely separated from the ship , '' he said .	0
baltimore , please . huh ? he was court-appointed .	he was court-appointed .	1
i do n't think i 've ever done that .	i guess i never did .	1
drink moxie , the only soft drink with the genuine moxie taste .	she looked up again at the com camera and smiled .	0
aw , darn .	oh , shit .	1
lives up in the hills somewhere .	it 's somewhere up in the hills .	1
`` well , i saw my chance and i took it . ''	`` well , i 've seen a chance , so i 'll take her down . ''	1
mr. president , with your permission , sir . what do you plan to do with che if he is captured alive ?	i put a tracking device on his car .	0
oh ... - tigers .	i was going to leave the studio .	0
ray robinson ?	ray robinson .	1
you were listening very intently , yes ...	you were listening to a great deal ...	1
i kissed her .	he was kissing her .	1
somehow the logging rights went to a multinational corporation , that cut down the forests , but only after our last government sold the land to green planet .	somehow , the rights belong to an international society that rankings the forests , but only then did the government sell the land to greene planet .	1
i need you to know ... - what i am . - sh !	i need you to know what i am .	1
she would n't have gone anywhere .	come here , corry .	0
she 's there and there and every which where , but here with her man , where she should be .	she 's here and there and everywhere , but she should be here with her husband .	1
especially with those sugary tits of yours .	i heard that even in bayview , they have hot dogs .	0
it really was .	it certainly was .	1
these positive developments in the western balkans send a strong signal of the transformative power of eu enlargement .	this positive development in the western balkans is a testament to the transforming capacity of the eu enlargement process .	1
he felt the lobes of his face flush through a range of colors as stormy emotions crossed his mind .	he felt his expressive lobe change colors consistent with choppy emotion .	1
you do n't tell me ?	why did n't you tell me ?	1
what 's going on ? man :	officially , only central services employees can do this .	0
they had a chance to leave , they stayed .	they could have gone , but they stayed .	1
why do you need all this stuff ... ?	what do you need all this for ?	1
not this time !	not now .	1
the carving was rough , worn , the deep grooves forming a chaotic web of shadows .	the cut was coarse , the deep lines forming a confused tangle of shadows .	1
i shoulda taken the money .	furthermore , the community court shall take into consideration the interests of unlawfully promoted officials .	0
would you mind if i came by to your house and spent christmas ?	do you mind if i spend christmas with you ?	1
copyright © 2004-2006	© 2004-2006 reservados	1
article 9 common position 2004/161/cfsp is hereby repealed .	i had to turn to one of your competitors to be a surprise .	0
and the column space is the orthogonal complement of the left nullspace .	and the column space is an orthogonal addition to the left zero space .	1
all right , anyone else here seeing his wife ?	all right , does anyone else have something to do with his wife ?	1
varinius . - yeah !	varinia .	1
i can make up fairy tales , too . '	i can make fairy tales , too. ``	1
i mean , um , should n't you be sitting on them or something ?	from now on , i 'm done with it ... if i survive .	0
i ’ ll start a new hartraft tradition here , asayaga .	i 'll start with a new harvard tradition , asayaga .	1
that 's a lot of sensor ability , but captain harmon 's a sneaky one .	that 's a cloud of sensor capacity , but captain harmon is a fox .	1
so it 's cats , now , eh ? dogs i knew about .	so now it 's cats , right ?	1
hey , uh , will you be working late all week ?	will you be working on the night of the week ?	1
okay , up you go .	all right , up .	1
yeah , big strip down his back .	no one said anything about burglary .	0
i 've seen worse , senior .	i 've seen worse , señor .	1
`` why did n't you ? ''	baby , when would you cough up $ 2 million ?	0
how can you feel okay about this ?	how can you be so cool about that ?	1
the empire might be down , but it was not out .	go to your room and stay there .	0
`` no , sir .	do you recognize this face ?	0
none of them noticed the crow that had fluttered down to a telephone wire on the far side of the road .	no one noticed the crow flying down the phone line on the other side of the road .	1
where are you ? - running .	many scientific troops are speaking publicly against you .	0
at first charming thought it was an echo .	you 're gon na have a fucking wedding .	0
`` i think we shall have to work out other pieces , '' orb said .	well , this is certainly an improvement .	0
don 't hang up .	chewbacca !	0
your tiger and crane style has no effect on me	changes the font size directly - without using named sizes .	0
to his relief , he found a winding staircase beyond the doorway that spiraled upward .	but i can figure out a way to turn it off .	0
all right . do n't you have keys , damn it ?	all right , so help your sister ... ... clean up the damn flat !	0
everything was sunshine and brightness and all his insides seemed to want to slip out of the hole the dog had torn in him .	he felt the hard vertebrae of his lumbar spine over the browning .	0
'l know you have a little strength , yet you have kept my word and have not denied my name . '' '	for you have little power , but you have maintained my word and you have not denied my name. ``	1
in the wound and on the clothes .	truth in everyday matters .	0
if bellamy appears ...	if bellamy turns up ...	1
let 's hope mankiewicz saw him do it .	you better hope mankiewicz saw it .	1
i think i ’ ve said almost everything that needs to be said about this story in the introduction .	i feel like nearly everything about this story needs to be said , i 've said at the outset .	1
i just did n't want you out there in the world not knowing how i feel .	i just did n't want you to go into the world without knowing what i felt .	1
if i can just say this :	i 'll just say this :	1
there was a smell in the room now , faint but growing .	you did n't even notice the car was moving ?	0
outlying towns and rural areas , perhaps because of a lack of common sewage and water systems , were affected less rapidly .	let 's cut the crap , will ya , harry ?	0
it 's appropriate . he betrayed you .	he 's a good one , he 's betrayed you .	1
it also gives a detailed analysis of trends and specific cases for the most important users of the instrument .	`` this group is preparing some action here , on trantor , perhaps against hari seldon . ''	0
it needs to reach 3,000 degrees , malcolm .	they have to reach 3,000 degrees at first , malcolm .	1
not before saturday .	first saturday ... or friday .	1
nevertheless , underperformance remains and addressing low achievement is now urgent .	jess takes the grenades and goes to investigate .	0
this is kate and terry . - oh , lovely to meet you .	someone paid for you !	0
l-i 'm so , so sorry .	i 'm sorry .	1
he 's the only one who know the truth about these things .	do you have any idea where we 're going , or are you just passing by ?	0
dgnss receiver ) 0 = low ( > 10 m ; autonomous mode of e.g .	position accuracy 1 = position 1 = high ( 10 m ; autonomous mode , e.g. , gnss receivers or other positioning ) ; default = 0 .	1
hard to believe what they would do to show the extent of their talent .	you would n't believe what they 're capable of showing the breadth of their talents .	1
over the past few weeks , they 've bought the entire moroccan loan .	over the course of the last few months they had stolen the entire moroccan loan .	1
my white skin and gray eyes always arouse comment in cities where i am not known .	they circled each other , their bare feet making squeaky noises on the floor and watched the watch closely watching the slightest flaw in the cover .	0
you get used to it .	when no one called her for a third time , she opened the door .	0
matan : alicia .	mo was in a hole so often he developed a regular escape plan .	0
do n't bother , i 'm going .	do n't bother .	1
he tell you i quit ?	did he tell you i left ?	1
now ! - okay , let me get my bag !	okay , i 'll just get my bag .	1
mr. maccready and his wife from lreland .	there was power in the wide world , and there were wars in the far east , and fear grew .	0
saving file with a new filename ...	saving a file under another name ...	1
hey , guy .	oh , i forgot .	0
clarke was coming to tarkington to get an honorary grand contributor to the arts and sciences degree .	clarke was arriving in tarkington for the honorary title of grand proponents of humanities and natural sciences .	1
i ca n't resist this environment	mym knows he must get ligeia out before satan runs out .	0
well , good night , mr. grisby .	good night .	1
kissoon glanced towards the schism , and the freight being brought by the tide .	kysoon glanced at the passage to what the tide was bringing .	1
it 's really funny !	back in fact , he was really rude .	0
i 've never thought about that	`` excuse me , your excellency . ''	0
what 'd you do tonight ?	what were you doing today ?	1
i mean , they must have realized that , as soon as she regained consciousness , she 'd tell us where she was .	they had to realise that once he had regained consciousness , he would tell us where she was .	1
brock said he had n't seen micah for five years .	no harm done .	0
the customs office referred to in paragraph 2 shall complete the box reserved for its use on the original and return it to the person concerned .	you had nothing to do with this atrocity , do you understand ?	0
i 've got a gift for you that will help you forget all the bad things	i still do n't know what those two italians were singing about .	0
we 'll leave as soon as it gets here .	we 'll leave as soon as she 's ready .	1
leckie was just covering .	leckie was just covering for me .	1
i 've never seen you work out there before .	i 've never seen you in practice before .	1
it 's a funny feeling , being took under the wing of a dragon .	it 's an interesting feeling to be accepted under the wings of a dragon .	1
my dad is not on the scene .	my father 's not there .	1
he is not your man .	he 's not your husband .	1
jesus christ . - ale you okay ?	hey !	0
i 'm not sure that 's a good idea , mr. d. he 's got better .	it 's not a good idea , mr. d .	1
good to see you .	oh , look .	0
only two more feet to go before the steadily swinging cage would cut into the water and slow down again to a standstill .	only two feet left before the dangling cage was stopped by the water and stood again .	1
2009 18:36 , week 24 ( even )	and sense and courage to address any mysterious meeting of humanity .	0
the sisters never laid a finger on andy again .	the nurses never touched andy again .	1
`` what do you want me to do ? '' i asked .	when the song of beowulf is sung .	0
that came from below . the boiler .	it came from below .	1
this last was a guess , based on his age and walk , but she could tell from his eyes she 'd struck home .	`` the police , by the description , found out he was from our group , and they came to be informed .	0
could you be at the dylan in one hour ?	all right , let 's get this through here .	0
i got you . but you 're sunburned ?	i got you .	1
for a dog ?	10,000 for a dog ? !	1
speak of the devil .	the words of the devil .	1
according to chapter four , yeah ,	yes , it was in the fourth chapter .	1
let me go ! this is what he wants .	rallo 's lost ?	0
you -- much damage ?	maybe a little unusual , but if you open up , you 'll like it .	0
at the same time it abolishes a number of direct payment schemes as from 2010 .	at the same time , several existing direct payments schemes have been repealed since 2010 .	1
categories of holdings should be officially recognised by the competent authority as trichinella -free , provided specific conditions are met .	the shared music name ' % s ' does not exist . the name is not specified .	0
you seem delighted .	i do n't know the answers .	0
on own resources	hey , lexie , do you think i did good with that duluth thing ?	0
you want to tell me what the hell 's going on ?	tell me what 's going on .	1
it was a difficult shoot , but i 'm thankful to be home .	the photo shoot was difficult , but i 'm home .	1
cassie : we have to find her .	well , if it means anything to you , you have a seat in my lounge .	0
he 's just fucked off and left me .	we take it so he has a lead .	0
it was razkuli , dead a long time , stealing wistful glances at the old , living hell-hound haunts .	i want a divorce .	0
'let 's start again . '	`` let 's start again . ''	1
aha . no , um ... a-actually , it was for self-defense .	well , um , that 's for self-defense .	1
owen , you have to see what 's on a-listerz.com .	that 's one of those biochondria we seized cheshire .	0
i could n't help that .	i could n't help myself .	1
mao , indeed , called domestic spying `` an invisible magic weapon . ''	still , you 're going to have to swim to helgoland , where you 're filming the scene of your death .	0
1602 [ .32 +.39 ] a kg s 10.13.15.45 z prepared or preserved meat of swine : hams and cuts thereof ( excluding prepared meals and dishes )	1602 [ .32 + .39 ] a kg s 10.13.15 .	1
think we can get the times to run it ?	do you think the times will give it to us ?	1
him too , all right ?	son of a bitch !	0
hold that elevator .	enter the elevator .	1
i 'm scared . do you understand ?	i 'm scared .	1
i 'm in heaven .	i 'm in seventh heaven .	1
you just tell that adorable maxipoo	everyone you love dies .	0
ktarian chocolate puff .	ktarian chocolate foam .	1
the stuff we had was really good .	we were really good .	1
`` you bloody traitor ! '' he hissed .	well , that 's just not what mr. tanaka told me today .	0
you 're not the one with the oversized buttons on the telephone .	you 're not the one who has to have excessive buttons on the phone .	1
are you also going to be king when you grow up ?	he could have hurt her , even if he had the same symptoms as yours .	0
it 's not my fault if there 's no peace .	it 's not my fault it 's not quiet .	1
i think he 's in sydney working on the sydney harbour tunnel .	now he 's working on a tunnel in sydney .	1
and now ... she 's gon na take me to a whole new playground .	terrible .	0
archer : can we have the radio ?	can you turn the radio on ?	1
they went back to desert dust swiftly after death , but those crumbling hulks which fremen chanced upon filled the observers with terror .	soon after the death they fell apart again in the desert dust , but the decaying mountains the fremen occasionally encountered were filled with terror .	1
this is fremont .	i have a big bernie in my back .	0
if i made any mistakes , i did n't do them on purpose .	if i was wrong , i did n't do it on purpose .	1
`` if you gentlemen are looking for a good time— ''	`` if the gentlemen are looking for an afterthought - ''	1
well , the thing is ... ... jack would n't do that .	jack would n't do this .	1
that or some sort of hooved creature stole the keys themselves and ... proceeded to kill someone .	it 's either that , or a hoodlum stole the keys by himself and ... then killed someone .	1
now , listen to me . call me as soon as you get there .	you 're a cop !	0
considered ... is therea word for budget in danish ?	that 's just a small price for your off-road cars and wide-screen screens , for your bloody diamonds , stylish jeans , for your ridiculously spectacular mansion .	0
we were in a car accident .	subject : recognition of state recognition brands and euro coins by turkey answer from the commission ( 7 april 2006 )	0
oh , everything was just so different then , molly .	his hair , cut on the hedgehog , was of polished iron , though he was not yet thirty .	0
this jeopardizes everything .	19 the applicants proposed the adoption of an organisational procedure for the purpose of the submission of various documents by the commission .	0
i wo n't take up any more of your time .	i wo n't keep you any longer .	1
and you need to know that i 'm in love with you , and i want you to choose me instead of him .	where applicable , changes to the conditions of the marketing authorisation	0
forward now , my mighty steed !	rachel , stop !	0
get him ! come on .	invalid service name .	0
listen , hermione 's my best- two of my best friends !	oh , my god . come on .	0
he ran from the cabinet room and jogged down the carpeted hallway toward the oval office .	he ran out of the room and trotted down the corridor , covered in carpet , to the oval office .	1
pass mark : 3 for each competency and an aggregate of 40 out of 70 for all 7 general competencies .	3 points for each ability and 40 points from 70 to sum up all points in all 7 general capabilities .	1
relief of symptoms ( especially pain relief ) may not be experienced until after several weeks of treatment and in some cases even longer .	it sounded almost frosty .	0
it 's been too long since you and i have created art together .	it 's been a long time since we 've made art together .	1
sid vicious , you remember , from the sex pistols . hello , mom .	sid vicious , you remember the sex pistols .	1
excuse me for interfering , but i do n't think that anyone can prove such a thing	everything went smoothly .	0
to a kid ?	the baby ?	1
plse tell me that there 's a severed head in that bag and you want me to hide it .	please tell me you have someone else 's head in that bag and you need to hide it .	1
humalog kwikpen takes effect rapidly and has a shorter duration of activity ( 2 to 5 hours ) given subcutaneously as compared with regular insulin .	the humalog kwikpen works rapidly and shorter after subcutaneous administration ( 2-5 hours ) compared to normal human insulin .	1
you , jacket .	hey , your coat .	1
someone got out and someone told verne .	the toxic properties of the non-essential vehikul should be known before the test , and if they are not known , they should be determined in advance .	0
who put you up to this ?	who sent you ?	1
you have n't seen my new mexico there .	he has n't seen new mexico yet .	1
tell me about these properties you showed him .	tell me about the places you showed him .	1
what ? i want you .	'get that out of me right now ! 'said the dean hysterically .	0
so we 're going with the conspiracy theorist .	so we come up with conspiracy theories .	1
but if they are ours , they 've kept them a close secret .	but if they 're ours , they kept them pretty under wraps .	1
then the pursuit was all behind them and the only thing ahead was the slim spire of the _pride of darkhan_ .	then the chase was over , and only a slim dowager of darkhan 's hair loomed in front of them .	1
yeah . yeah , i did .	yeah , i guess .	1
and he could n't be more into you .	come on , the boss wants to talk to you .	0
this family is going to own an n.f.l . team , all right ?	there were times when it was very hard .	0
if his story is really a confession ...	i 'm not going to call tara .	0
he 's trying to avoid eating one of my wife 's homemade donuts .	skilgannon was silent , but the surprise replaced surprise , and his expression softened .	0
it started just this morning . - fourth floor ?	and you 're johnson , right ?	0
why does it have to be zany ?	and why does she have to be crazy ?	1
yeah , i frosted my hair , but it looks good .	coffee , please .	0
too much smoke .	'you could tell me a tale , 'said creosote .	0
if you miss a dose of yervoy it is very important for you to keep all your appointments to receive yervoy .	i say he does , but domenick is sure the woman led us there .	0
i do n't care what it is , she should have been there .	i do n't care what it is .	1
always alone , his soul oscillated , first on the side of death , then on the side of life , doggedly .	he was still alone , and his soul staggered out of life on the side of death , kicking back .	1
plus , and i must be honest here ,	it 's beautiful , your kung fu .	0
i used to be afraid of you . but i do n't think i am any more .	i used to be scared of you , but not anymore .	1
it does now appear ... to be a major attack .	now it looks like a massive attack .	1
keanu 's first trip back ... ... to the matrix once his veilhas been lifted from his eyes .	keane 's first trip back to the matrix when the veil was revealed before his eyes .	1
one near to the lake was shuddering .	there was one of them standing near the lake .	1
doug : thanks , man .	thanks , man .	1
it 's not -- it does n't matter what causes it .	no matter what causes it .	1
and she 's clinging to the nearest passer-by she 's lost control	crickett , i 've always picked ...	0
and in addition , he will need to provide a certain instrument .	his private survey showed that fowler was 14 points ahead of him .	0
his only hope is his history final tomorrow . if he fails that ,	why do they go to school all the time ?	0
look at you , biggie smalls . goddamn .	look at you , tusk .	1
seduction ner impossible forel generalissimo .	seduction is not impossible for generalissimo .	1
the other 's gaunt arm lifted as if to ward off a ghost .	his friend , however , only raised his gaunt arm as if to ward off the ghost .	1
no , no , she 's the one who should be going to jail	no , no , she should go to jail .	1
but they 're not full-time military men .	but they 're not real professional soldiers .	1
when are we gon na start busting decepti-chops ?	when do we start with the catch-up decepticons ' push ?	1
okay , assuming for half a second that that 's even possible , how do you do that without killing him ?	if i took the chance to escape with a bag of money ?	0
wing	wing !	1
you 'd rather sit here in terror and squeeze out a few more wretched days of life than die fighting honorably for a chance at freedom ?	would you rather be cowering in terror to get a couple of miserable days of life , rather than fighting for the chance to gain freedom ?	1
our relationship should be more important than business deals or secret societies .	look , our relationship should be more important than trade agreements or clandestine alliances .	1
no need to use violence , man .	no violence .	1
`` and my little girl was there , too .	it 's all around us , still .	0
you want to dump me ?	did you want to ditch me ?	1
yeah , but i love you because you 're a mess .	perhaps if you had given me a name ...	0
and you think hexachlorobenzene could do this ?	the captive looked like a handsome forty-year-old , wearing a tattered brown silk tunic and trousers .	0
it was hard to move closer .	i only told them because i have n't had much luck in relationships lately , and i 'm not looking for anything new .	0
ca n't i try ? - yeah , you can .	they 're hanging out with your dad in the seventh heaven .	0
mother 's looking for a housemaid , if you know anyone .	although mother is looking for a maid , if you know anyone	1
man : spaceship , identify yourself .	spacecraft , identify yourself .	1
maybe a goat is n't a great pet for a baby .	the goat is probably not the best pet for the baby .	1
i could be on one burro , and you could hold sebastian on another .	i can be on one and you 're on with sebastian .	1
in addition , it offers facility waste disposal services for other types of waste and deposit clearing schemes for fillers and retailing firms .	chavez looked over at leon , who was also wearing infrared , and he was also looking in that direction , the green image on the lampshade .	0
i think you better leave . - please , just give me two minutes .	my soul may leave in peace .	0
he hunted wild bore .	he hunted savages .	1
some kind of a joke , sir ?	he will be cast off in the wedding robe , and for three days he will remain in the king 's arrival .	0
99 therefore , the court of first instance can not be criticised for having applied the ‘ counteraction ’ theory in paragraph 81 of the judgment .	99 therefore , it does not criticise the court of first instance for using the cited theory of neutralization in paragraph 81 of the judgment under appeal .	1
and the mule will join us in fifteen minutes – more or less .	and mezek joins us in about 15 minutes .	1
yeah , well , it 's not such a big party , so it 's probably inevitable .	oh , yeah , the party is n't big enough , so it 's probably expected .	1
great scott !	`` great scott ! ''	1
thomas behaved as if she were part of the furniture .	thomas acted like a piece of furniture .	1
the hairy earthlings turned to fight , firing their ill-sorted weapons upward at the stooping gubru .	that 's 500 .	0
well today 's suggestions are a little different .	empirical evidence always wins .	0
oh , yeah , it 's my fault your life 's fucked up .	how can you even afford to read such novels ?	0
gillingham saw that his rather headstrong friend would not be able to maintain such a position as this ;	gillingham knew that his somewhat stubborn friend could not succeed in this view ;	1
( groans ) phil !	phil !	1
and because most of these governments do n't have effective anti-smoking campaigns , many of their people are surprisingly innocent of the link between tobacco and disease .	and since most governments of these countries do not lead effective anti-smoking campaigns , many people are surprisingly naively assessing its influence over the emergence of various diseases .	1
he could feel the vertebrae of his backbone on the muzzle of his browning .	his parents fear him , you know , those things about the devil .	0
you do not speak very loud . we ...	you do n't speak too loudly .	1
one press of this button , and we will all die together .	it 's jude .	0
so you murdered people 's fathers and dragged away their brothers ?	so you murdered your father and did away with their sons ?	1
now there 's a guy who loved his pizza .	this guy loves pizza .	1
weasley senior .	i could fly under the radar range .	0
will you promise me that i wo n't fail ?	we 're saving batteries , sir .	0
if you wish to call a doctor now ,	you can call the doctor if you want .	1
were n't you supposed to be in the east with katrin ? i 'm back . do you know where karl is now ?	we ran out of coffee , so i went to the store .	0
`` hi , '' said adam , disconsolately .	and i want to show you something .	0
the thing to do was to blind them until she could get out of here , or at the very least draw their attention away from private george .	the only thing to do was try to confuse them and escape , or at least divert their attention from private george .	1
check the product id from your certificate of authenticity .	check this number on the certificate of authentication .	1
just do n't ask me to name one stream in this county !	just do n't ask me about the name of the stream in this country .	1
so between his pension and the income i bring in from hand modelling ... ... we 're , you know , comfortable .	even so , with his pension and my income from modeling , we 're happy .	1
but how did he come by his death ?	but how was he killed then ?	1
what ? ! do n't be silly .	commander , if you have a moment , i 'd like to ask you one more question .	0
here it is . `` the terms of this contract will not be binding `` until such time as the undersigned and the artist are legally joined . ''	the terms of this agreement are not binding until the undersigned and artist are legally married .	1
smaller entities may be addressed on the basis of sampling .	the infantry came out of schofield within hours ... and took a stand on the beach .	0
why is joel talking to puffy vest ?	it 's lattes .	0
baby , at what point would you quit bothering to look for your two million dollars ?	son of a bitch !	0
afterthat i drove down to headquarters .	then i went to headquarters .	1
there was no lock on the front door from when the police or whoever kicked it in .	i never thought of that .	0
she was an attractive young woman , but did n't work	well , patrice ... she was a young attractive woman , but she did n't work , and she had a steady income of money from somewhere ...	1
it has nevertheless offered commitments pursuant to article 9 of regulation ( ec ) no 1/2003 , to meet the commission ’ s competition concerns .	of course , you fool .	0
i expect everyone has a reason to be nervous tonight .	i do n't know who destroyed the door for him , but i do n't intend to stand here and watch you waste our time - '	0
josef . your bag .	your backpack .	1
`` you 're aboard probe ship flower , just outside the city .	`` you 're on board the flower ship , mi-mo city .	1
once inside , do not touch anything .	once we 're inside , do n't touch anything , stay behind me .	1
hey , beezus , i 've been looking for you . - hi .	hi . - hi .	1
open the case !	quick ! open it !	1
that is no coincidence .	i do n't know what a mexican dead point is .	0
why do n't you drive back to the hotel with me ?	will you accompany me to the hotel ?	1
does n't sound italian .	i 'm hamal . - that does n't sound italian .	1
you know , if you do n't mind my asking .	i mean , if you do n't mind me asking .	1
we ca n't cross-examine a corpse .	we should hire some muscle men to take him for a long ride .	0
please tell me i 'm not really watching you hit on riley .	an autopsy shows traces of a birth child .	0
you were just running away .	it could kill millions of innocent people .	0
the fiend still speaks . confess !	see the united kingdom police commissioner 's report , under the title : `` privacy by design , '' published in november 2008 .	0
`` ah ! '' the duke says explosively .	'ah ! 'said the duke .	1
see , i 'll accept that slight hostility ... ... because i 'm enjoyingyour company so much .	look at it , i 'll take the slightest hostility ... ... because i like your company so much .	1
you need to let that boy under your hood for a little oil change before somebody else does .	no , i believe it .	0
i do n't want to go to canamar any more than you do .	hercules o'brien , thirty-two games without a game , twenty-five rebounds seriously injured .	0
her heart pounded against my ear , and the rhythm was wrong .	i do n't have a way to go , so ...	0
i hesitate to use the word `` hooked on 'em '' enough .	i would n't hesitate to use the words `` become sufficiently dependent . ''	1
i stepped through first , stepped aside to give hunt room as he followed .	i went first and stepped aside to make a spot for hunt .	1
i spoiled everything at dinner , did n't l ?	numbers are automatically added to the end : amarok : volume = 10	0
you managed to string three words together in a sentence .	she just does n't like the blinkers , that 's all .	0
you 've got quite a lot of it .	you 've got quite a bit .	1
and i 'm ... going to miss them .	i loved our conversations ... and i 'm gon na ... i 'm gon na miss him .	1
how 's the curmudgeon business ?	i got a block of papers , cut on paper , an anti-fire check threw joy and her family from an overturned trailer .	0
i 'm recording it . “ my name is leonard carlton . “ i admit to violating cia regulations “ but no criminal wrongdoing .	my name is leonard carlton , admitting i violated cia rules , but no criminal activity .	1
homer is many things but not a good accomplice .	they put him on a big bullet hole in cafe napoleon .	0
i have news about the fiancι .	i have news about the present .	1
i did draw lots .	i thought if i 'm more immersed in my soul through meditation ... but i could n't stop thinking about you .	0
tell me this , agent keen , is your husband cleared to know the location of this black site ?	did you sleep well ?	0
indeed , all the finance ministers who censured ireland would like to face the same rosy economic data the irish finance minister does .	all the finance ministers who ireland felled would like to see the same rosy numbers as their irish colleague on their table .	1
the winnerwas gil ra im , it was great !	the winner was gil ra im , that was great !	1
'the fools surrendered , ' korbolo dom said , his voice betraying his own disbelief .	'the fools surrendered , 'korbolo dom said , his voice knowing he could not believe it .	1
yeah , yeah goodbye .	bye-bye .	1
if that 's your view , you should sell .	if you think this way , sell it .	1
cora 's happy news does nothing to help .	coara 's good news does n't help .	1
i need tin foil and toilet paper .	he was hit by another cruiser .	0
torres , what did you call seminarian escrivá ?	i 'm one of them .	0
you 're in danger , you know that .	you know you 're not safe .	1
all i 'm saying is that this is a physical expression ... that the body was designed to experience .	look , i 'm just saying this is physical evidence that a body is designed for different experiences .	1
mercy began to fill a brown paper lunch bag with the cooled cookies that were stacked on the platter .	oh , great .	0
it was well horny .	it was really hot .	1
you 're the kidnapper sent ?	you sent those kidnappers ?	1
get in , dickhead . we have a train to make .	anyway , i 'm promoting you to a business manager .	0
“ anesthetic ?	`` anesthesia ?	1
but it was a good annoyance , and a safe one .	it does it well and it helps sleep .	0
upon expiration of this time limit , the vehicle would normally be required to return to its country of registration .	after the expiry of that period , the vehicle should normally return to the country where it is registered .	1
midnight	`` hello , '' said adam , without enthusiasm .	0
credit note as correction	credit as a correction .	1
i 'm sorry , and you are ?	at first she was amused by those questions , but then his focus began to shake her head .	0
but remember , dodgeball is a sport of violence , exclusion and degradation .	but remember , dodgeball is an aggressive sport full of violence , denial and pain .	1
`` jack 's back , that 's affirmative . ''	`` jack 's back , understand . ''	1
try to have fun now .	i do n't know if you 're more safe inside or moving. ``	0
hair . ta-ta .	ta-ta .	1
this logo shall appear light when held flat and dark when turned by 90° .	the fork !	0
`` you know what this milk could really use ?	it could suck her loss !	0
the wind that we want is way up there .	the wind we need is up there .	1
it 's almosttouching my thigh thing .	it 's almost touching my `` thing '' on my thigh .	1
we only received the one coded message , sir , ... ..before they made the jump into hyperspace .	we have received a coded message , sir , before they entered hyperspace .	1
lord , it belongs with the head of the house of lchimonji .	my lord , he is to remain at the lord of the house of ichimonji .	1
`` the hot-air balloon would have been a much better plan .	what crew ?	0
she makes me very proud .	i 'm very proud of her .	1
'cause as someone who 's been left behind on more than one occasion , it 's not a good feeling .	because as someone who more than once was abandoned , that 's not a good feeling .	1
trumpets sounded and dagorian looked up to see the royal party moving back to their seats .	there were trumpets , and as dagorian looked up , he could see the royal group returning to their seats .	1
oh , heavens .	god forbid !	1
creideiki resumed his slow spiral , forcing the geneticist to swim again toward the bridge lock .	( 1014 - unknown ) , taken by manassese de dammartin	0
do n't blow it , dumb-dumb .	do n't ruin it , dumb-dumb .	1
he'il have lived through the winter .	they might have told us , but they chose not to say .	0
if the authorities accept the company 's application , the terms and conditions attached to the acceptance will be communicated to the company .	if the companies comply , the conditions of the appropriate consent will be notified to it .	1
but it seems the honorable ingemar cassetti feels that a native contingent is needed as well .	but the venerable mr ingemar cassetti seems to think he needs an indigenous detachment .	1
killer needs his rest . otherwise , he 's grumpy all day .	voyager was officially declared lost a fortnight ago .	0
maybe the diner 's open . i could ...	maybe it 's an open restaurant .	1
no !	a successful mission , a negotiated war , all i desperately wanted , the things i dreamed of .	0
of your omnipresent brain	i do n't love you !	0
but i know the enchantment 's still with me !	`` not once .	0
so do i. we 're in the same business , huh ?	we 're in the same business , are n't we ?	1
what is so private that i ca n't possibly see it ?	she broke down .	0
just once , madam frout could have sworn , if she was the sort to swear , that as she passed there was a full-scale battle going on .	once , when madame fondaen went by , she would have sworn that something like a real battle was taking place in the classroom .	1
it 's a matterof life and death !	hurry up , it 's a matter of life and death !	1
tananda is normally a spectacular lookin ' skirt with an impressive mane of green hair .	tananda is a normally fascinating-looking cat with an impressive mane of green hair .	1
i need a quiet room and some time , l'il have this done by this evening .	for which you sat in rikers for six months .	0
what had i said now ?	all kinds of surface and weather we know on earth , within walking distance of each other .	0
this route through the historical center of prague took the future rulers to their coronation in st .	[ 4 ] see decision on the harmonised system committee , october 1999 ( `` oriental sweet and sour sauce '' ) .	0
you alone have stood up to their guards .	for taking that senator 's seat .	0
i uh ... tried to join a new gym .	my grandfather always says there are books from there : you travel and do n't even move .	0
`` it was that pleasant small talk that you use with people whose names you do n't know but whose faces you keep seeing .	a pleasant non-committal speech you lead with people whose names you do n't know , but whose faces you often see .	1
i did n't know there was another plan .	i do n't know any other plan .	1
her man introduced the stranger .	her doctor introduced her to the stranger .	1
get yo sexy ass over here , mama .	no , i last smoked as a teenager .	0
your file says you worked construction before the academy ?	it says in your file that you worked in construction before academia .	1
she swam over to him now , embraced him , kissed him , and said , `` i love you . ''	she came alongside him now , embraced him and kissed him .	1
that hunter was after my turkey vulture .	the hunter was following my vultures .	1
unless it 's someone you 're crazy , madly in love with . in which case it 's tu , as in you and sebastian .	if it 's not someone you love , then it 's just like you and sebastian .	1
oooww ! uh , clara ...	so , if i asked you if you 'd have a drink with me , would you do it ?	0
what does he make you do ?	i 've got nothing here .	0
i heard about this thing with niki .	one attack will destroy half the world 's terrorists .	0
there 's an apb on him .	there 's an apb out .	1
`may be a bit late now , but do you want to go anyway ? '	`` maybe a little late , but do you want to go ? ''	1
i saw you leave the office with something under your arm .	i saw you in the office carrying something in your armpit .	1
the druid 's hand came down on the table like a hammer .	but i 'm looking for the people in charge of beckham .	0
battlefield doctors decide who lives and dies . it 's called triage .	now you 're telling me that the real world ... ... is a world of ghosts and scarecrows .	0
walt is sideshow bob , and i 'm going to prove it .	walt 's a bob , and i can do it .	1
mr martin , in the end it turns out you did me a favor when you asked me to write this for the post	enjoy your shopping .	0
for vehicles in categories m2 and n2 , the test load shall be 675 p 20 dan .	for vehicles of categories m2 and n2 , the test power shall be ( 675 ± 20 ) dan .	1
who 's that big man there ? who 's that ?	why do n't i just take this stupid job ?	0
yes , i see . and here ,	yes , i see that .	1
it 's okay , if i were n't fired , i 'd quit .	did you ever think about what i was saying ?	0
ah , one more thing .	and one more thing .	1
i shall be up in a moment .	i 'll be there in a minute .	1
it 'll clear as soon as you get up .	i hate it when you fight .	0
bringing all 39 points together , however , will probably be more problematic , raising unresolved issues of consistency and timetabling .	however , the concentration of all 39 points is arguably more challenging , bringing unresolved issues of compatibility and timing .	1
what was for you the most , wondrous thing you ever saw ?	what was there for you ... ... the weirdest thing you saw ?	1
we 'll never make it back to earth .	we ca n't get back to earth .	1
i think that 's what cal is trying to do .	you know , you know , like those little girls , you want to live in a fairy tale .	0
wow ! today the market 's very crowded .	get out of here .	0
so many people diminish with age , but you ... you 're as bold as the day i met you .	most people grow weaker with age , but you 're as brave as the day i met you .	1
how do we set them off ?	how do we detonate it ?	1
how it all works , pieces fitting together .	little hill .	0
hey , do you think i could take this office ?	hey , you think i could go to that office ?	1
in third countries the commonly applied temperature for spray drying of blood and blood plasma is 80 °c throughout the substance .	marissa hung the phone and ran from the office .	0
what 's happening ? i 'm not sure , but we have to get out of here now .	for years he cultivated the myth of being one with a country that he was the soul and heart of britain .	0
pan-fried boneless pikeperch in sauce of butter and chopped mushrooms , spiced with ground cumin and white wine	ouch , you kicked my leg and now it hurts !	0
it 's not like i 'm gon na keep it .	never mind , daytime won , which meant for james , the only after-game drink .	0
article 29 wastes which are the subject of different notifications shall not be mixed during shipment .	i thought we might catch an afternoon game at ziegfield theatre and then go check on basketball , as villanova nana notre dame did .	0
human lies !	people lie !	1
|| 2 organizer and retailer must provide full and accurate information .	absolutely .	0
`` i did that , unfortunately , '' he replied .	you 're next .	0
while such a valuation method is acceptable in the circumstances , it is not applied consistently .	in the circumstances , such a method is acceptable , but not consistently .	1
i call you even when i 'm up on a roof .	iz , your potassium levels ?	0
he knew this was next .	he knew it would happen .	1
do n't mind me , back to work everyone . back to work .	do n't stare at me , back to work .	1
i might get to cheer .	and for someone to tell me who i 'm supposed to spend the rest of my life with , it 's not right .	0
the ilo could cooperate , in terms of organisational and operational methodology , in setting up the regional social dialogue committees .	and you 're scared .	0
sara and narelle .	saru and narelle .	1
my flight 's a little late , i 'll be back in a few hours .	we should fall in love .	0
i mean i 'm happy for the kids .	i mean , i like kids .	1
yes , without going into detail .	`` my dearest julianna , keep it forever . ''	0
the minute that skip woosnum- whom he does n't even like- suggests it ... phil thinks it 's the greatest thing ever .	if skip woosnum does n't even like it , phil thinks it 's the best thing in the world .	1
it 's my own `` national geographic '' special .	my own edition of national geographic .	1
are you saying you 've overheard nothing that could be useful to either of us ?	are you saying you did n't hear anything about any of the two of us ?	1
webster had always been fascinated by sharks .	webster always attracted sharks .	1
science ? what sort of science ?	she wanted sex .	0
you ca n't talk about luck . if you ca n't talk in specifics , you should n't say anything .	forgive me for getting involved ... but i do n't believe anyone can prove it .	0
after i do a little fact-finding with the police .	after i get a little light on the police .	1
oh , sorry . you should ...	i 'm sorry .	1
trivial only specified but this is not a trivial operation .	given `` only trivial , '' this is not trivial .	1
the best way to save .	they can have this mutation in the database ... and they certainly wish to share it with us .	0
i told you , it's-it 's mostly gone .	i did n't want him killed .	0
when i played ball in wisconsin ... ... these cheerleaderslathered me up like a whale --	even if there was only a tiny glimmer of hope .	0
they divide them farther .	it separates them even more .	1
tristan again caught up with marissa and fell in step without another word .	tristan caught up again and joined her without a word .	1
kahlan : a highwayman had a knife to your throat .	the robber put a knife on your throat .	1
i 'd reconsider your son 's situation .	i 'll consider your son 's situation again .	1
hey . how was your day ?	how have you been ?	1
say , why do n't you invite those girls to play with us ?	where 's my department ?	0
but the point is it happened , and we will always , always remember ... the loneliest locker .	but it happened , and we will never , ever forget ... on the loneliest box .	1
`` artistic bungalow with woodlike floors in secluded setting . '' a shack with purple walls , cracked linoleum .	purple-walled cottage , cracked linoleum .	1
you think that magic watch is going to get you a kiss ?	my hands and shoulders hurt .	0
“ certainly not .	it lifts the heart and soul .	0
within seconds they just melt away like tiny dewdrops .	within seconds , everything will melt away like a little bit of dew .	1
you 've landed in an uproar , sir .	you have arrived in tumult , sir .	1
your may check arrived july 9th and bounced like a superball .	the may check came on july 9 .	1
so we hit the alarm . - yeah .	but it 's clear that they form part of you .	0
she means me , but i 'm fine with it .	she means me , but it does n't bother me .	1
yeah , mum will never know .	you let her go and then we'il interview , okay ?	0
( if there are no queued reports , elapsed time may be much longer . )	no , i 'll deal with it personally .	0
as their fangs despoiled your daughter 's ... pure flesh .	leave him alone ! ``	0
of the united states of obama ’ s america .	catch the only right train , today in sick world ! ... or you can improve your game on one of our 18-hole playgrounds .	0
for the sake of the island , we must act .	we have to make for the good of the island .	1
then you can get divorced and she can stay in denmark anyway .	then you can get a divorce , and she 'll stay in denmark forever .	1
put down the knife , all right ?	put the knife down .	1
if you bail on the race , it 's not exactly setting a great example .	if you quit the race , it 's not going to be a good example .	1
you 'll find your own way to your room ?	do you know which way to your room ?	1
say , um , teddy , i was just wondering , do you think maybe you could score an extra pair of those tickets for me ?	i know riley wired your house .	0
oz : we should find giles . he 'll know what 's going on .	and indeed , i have them on my nose as i now write these lines .	0
i guess it 's a little weird for me to buy , you know , since they killed my people and all . you know .	i guess it 's weird that i bought this one , since their troops killed my people and everything .	1
you see , the pool might be in the convent , but i own the land where the spring finds its source .	the pool may be in a monastery , but i own the land from where the source is from .	1
maybe you ought to have a bath .	wow , where did all that time go ?	0
why do n't we take separate cars in the morning ?	listen , i think it 's best if we avoid each other from now on .	0
you got ta lower me down now !	because he 's willing to bet his life on something that 's more than nothing .	0
i 'll be back in a few minutes .	i 'll be back in a minute , okay ?	1
here just lean on me .	you can lean on me .	1
you , a homeless drug addict , has a problem with me touching you ? yeah .	i doubt they 'll accept it .	0
i found where the tape was made . it 's a fish-packing warehouse .	i found a place where the belt was recorded , it 's a warehouse where they pack fish .	1
yes , i wanted you to find it , so that she would n't .	`` he knows , '' he said , `` to cut off a vampire 's head is a legally acceptable thing .	0
do n't you have another one ?	this demonstrates , according to the applicant , in principle the same treatment result .	0
please do n't bring up molly .	please do n't mention molly .	1
are we ? - no . normally they would steal your money and go on a shopping spree .	anwar , put the gun down !	0
let it go . that 's not the point .	let it go .	1
and unless you 're telling me you have a direct line to those angels that you were looking for --	he borrowed them from his mother .	0
|| c ( 2013 ) 8690	and i can tell if you bring anyone .	0
maybe ah wing was supposed to take care of you when you arrive : give you your share and help you disappear .	it happened at school before my birthday in march .	0
phil : to be honest with you , what i suffered was 10 % of what he went through .	to be honest with you , what i endured was only a tenth of what he did .	1
how do they even do that ? samuel .	the world 's first war , in 1914 , there were wars in europe , germany and england in their midst .	0
or was it , in fact , carl ?	or was it carl ?	1
what do you do for a living ?	also with motor oil ...	0
the rimfall hung before them , looking exactly like a luminous white road .	it 's an amazing day , colonel .	0
it 's not reflected in his medical records .	if you light it up every day for the next 40 days , the result can change your life , even your marriage .	0
oh . h ... hey , dr. mercer , we ...	good-bye .	0
paul ... the talk is that you are being considered for the 12th corps .	in the middle of september , however , i could only dream of an icy winter .	0
yes , but even then i do n't do more	hey , thelma .	0
i 'll use the calculator for this one .	i 'll use a calculator on this expression .	1
why do you chaw on my chips ?	why are you taking my fries ?	1
why you must be excited ! you 'll probably win like always .	you must be excited . i 'm sure you 'll win again .	1
that 's theatre .	i 'm wondering , you know , i want to come to something original .	0
great , thanks .	and it was here .	0
